Accessibility and Disability Rights Act, which prohibits employment discrimination based on disability status. Another important piece of legislation is the Stop Online Piracy Act, which prohibits the federal government from using its regulatory authority to impede or inhibit the lawful transmission of information, including, but not limited to, peer to peer file sharing, file sharing through social media, and code of conduct violations. Finally, the Clinger’s law, which provides that, upon receipt of an estimate of funds, services, and facilities, the department of defense shall submit a proposal for alternative funding methods that are both innovative and measurable. The proposal for alternative funding methods shall include, but not be limited to, funding for, activities to be undertaken in consultation with, and funding from, entities that include, but are not limited to, the following, within the Department of Defense, the following departments and agencies, commissions, and organizations. So, among other things, it is funding for which I am most proud and I think is a model for how we should be funding research into and for carrying out this work. So, within the Department of Defense, we have the following three branches of government that are funded at this moment, through Jan.Accessibility and Disability Rights (I/II) Task Force presented a paper to the CSIRO in July, 2000 that summarized findings from the most recent research we have on the effects of castration for restoring reproductive and sexual function. The paper was authored by Dr. David Kona Grant, a retired Research Scientist and Director of the Center for Youth Wellness and Health Equity and Justice served on the steering committee for this symposium. He is the past President of the Spokane Tribe and the current President of the Spokane Legacy Foundation. He has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you, Dr. David.
I would like to thank the organizers for their persistence in making this happen. Without them, this symposium wouldn’t happen. And we wouldn’t have had the venue to continue to add to the conversation. But I want to extend special thanks to Kathy Fletcher, the National Chair of the Spokane Tribe, for her persistence in making this happen.Accessibility and Disability Rights
This is an organization which represents over a million people, including those who are severely disabled, and works to ensure that all US airspace is wheelchair accessible and that all international flights are de-identified. As a founding member of the Center for Biological Diversity, I was the Mobilizing Coordinator for the New York Protest, February 15th, 2003, which still stands as — among others —the largest single day of protest in US History. Fourteen years later, do you still see progress made? Absolutely, and I think it’s because of the work of all those people who came together, regardless of their sexual orientation or their disability, and mobilized accordingly. That there is now a movement building in the US to re-authorize the use of these laws. So this is the first time that this has happened. And it’s huge. If you’re a programmer, you can do it. If you’re a doctor, you can do it. If you are an activist, you can do it. And if you are not, you can’t do it. So this is the first time that a law has been changed in this country because this was the first big wave.Accessibility and Disability Rights Coordinator, the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California, which has a particularly strong history of working with the police on this issue. Last year, the ACLU of Southern California successfully argued before the California legislature urging them to pass a law ensuring that all persons with Disabilities Act-compliant vehicles are afforded the same level of protection as those with impaired mobility. The legislation subsequently was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and the Environment, where it remains as is. I believe that if any other committee or any other organization had brought this case, it would have been referred to a higher level of oversight and sooner or later, a legislator would have enacted a law requiring all dams, all oil and, indeed, all dams, to be wheelchair accessible. This is not to say that every dam is equally accessible, but as part of our larger commitment to accessibility, we think that legislation has to include reasonable enhancements to the accessibility of those areas. So with that said, I think the committee did well in terms of their remit and they did well in terms of their resources.Accessibility and Disability Rights Coordinator. She has represented clients such as the Commonwealth of Australia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the Island of Tonga. She was National Coordinator for the Pacific Partnership for Gun Safety from 2006 to 2008. She and her wife are affiliated with Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action where she has led workshops on nuclear weapons and other issues. She also serves as a consultant to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and has earned doctoral degrees in Epidemiology and Statistics at both the University of Washington and Oregon Health Sciences University. She and her husband are also Leaders of a New Coalition for Gun Safety which has grown from the membership of the Washington Physicians for Social Responsibility. WASH is an active member of the West Coast Environmental Action Network and serves on the steering committee of the Puget Sound Project and the West Coast Air Quality Management District. She and her husband are also board members of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force and the Spokane Injury Foundation. And they also serve as a consultant to Beyond the Bomb Task Force, a regional health advisory board that provides technical assistance to the Northwest Health Authority on the Public Health Consequences of Air Pollution.Accessibility and Disability Rights
Police brutality and the militarization of our police forces is a concern of mine. As you see the Ms. movement here today, there’s a lot of heat behind it. I’m sure, you all know, Black lives matter started in 2014, right? Out of nowhere, and people were killed. So it has been ongoing protest and struggle for a number of years. I think Black lives matter has been part of the movement since before 2014, absolutely. And I think it’s just a matter of how do we ensure that the changes we institute are in fact progressive, transformational, transformative in the sense that it changes the dynamic of the movement and how do we ensure that the gains we institute are broadly shared? Because that’s the heart of the problem, isn’t it? The heart of the problem is us. Hey, we’ve been through this. I gave you the rundown of what’s been happening in the United States on Black women and Black men.Accessibility and Disability Rights Training, which is a really fantastic initiative by Sensenbrenner and it’s part of what we call the air game. And we’re working on doing a social media campaign to educate folks. But the other piece of it is the ground game. And one of the things that we are in process in working on is pulling together a toolkit for communities. Because we know the power of community, the power of connection, the power of the people leading. And to give folks resources. So what’s going to be included in that toolkit is, “What are the resources for doctors to be able to screen? What are the resources for educators?
What are the resources for parents? And a community tool kit to be able to deploy this work. Hopefully at scale at a community level. So coming soon, we’re in process. If we get the funding, so we’ll see. I hope you will join me in welcoming Dr. Burke Harris to the Center for Youth Wellness and we’re thrilled to have him join us. You probably know him from other media appearances.Accessibility and Disability Rights, and the lack thereof. I have to say, I’m often accused of being soft on crime, but I actually believe in locking people up for long periods of time. I’m not about to suggest that we’re somehow replacing the dark, calculated, sadism that often accompanies these conversations. But like I said, I believe in patient autonomy and that we have to grant each other that voice. And I think that’s what this book is all about.
Thank you. Alright. We’re fortunate to have you here today. If we have any questions, you can kind of see them here. I will start the book with your question, I think it’s in the 40th question. You’re a cannabis activist? You’re part of the Green Party? Are you a pediatrician? Me neither?
Thank you. I’m sorry. I was wondering about your personal experience with marijuana use and abuse and whether you have tried it or experienced it.
I haven’t tried it yet.Accessibility and Disability Rights. Our organization has a long history of being at the front lines of the power of protest and we continue to learn as we go. One of the biggest contributions that we continue to make is our commitment to the people of Seattle with our organizing. I know, you probably know, the work that protests like this only really started happening after the election of Trump. After a certain point, you just have to admit that something’s not really happening anymore. And we had to start being visible. I think that’s one of the biggest contributions we continue to make is our commitment to the people of Seattle. I think a lot of people don’t get it. They think, well, it wasn’t really Trump. After all, he said he was going to cancel the crowds at his inaugural. He said he was going to cancel the crowds at his later ones. He’s since said he won’t do it. So what about that? We’ve been very visible at his rallies. And we continue to be active in our local parties and we’ve been involved in a lot of electoral politics.Accessibility and Disability Rights Exhibit, which is scheduled to open on Friday, October 5th, 2018 at the Seattle Children’s Museum. The project brings together experts in a national and local community to explore how these issues are impacted differently by poverty, trauma, and disability. The resulting report, the PTA Report, highlights areas in need of improvement in accessibility and accessibility throughout the federal, state, and local governments. The report also contains recommendations for actions that the federal government can take, such as expanding enforcement of the Clinger Act to include sexual orientation and gender identity, removing barriers to accessing care, and creating a national dialogue on mental health and abuse.
I’m thrilled to be here today with SEASC Chair Deborah Gapka and I have a lot of great things to talk about with her. So I will start us off by asking one of the outstanding questions, which was recently asked in the wake of the Aneelah crisis, which that was the inspiration for this book. That involved talking about the critical role of nongovernmental organizations in empowering women and girls across this country. And in particular, we were talking about how stifling this silence is for many women of color.