Aging and Life Planning Issues. With a human lifespan of about eight years, that’s nothing to sneeze at. But the challenges that we will face with addressing these issues are enormous. And I’m happy to say that my office has now been filled with constituent service calls. I get to work every single day and this is the most effective way that I’ve found to try to address these things.
I understand that you are in the middle of a fight. So the scope of this book is indeed enormous. But I have to ask, how do you stay on top of issues like this one, which seems so impossible? How do you not become enmeshed in all of this? But how do you?
I’ve been working on this book for the last 10 years. I’ve been involved in a lot of movements, including the groundswell that brought the CPP to the United States, and the organizing that brought the protests here. And I’ve also been involved in a lot of organizing on the local, state and national levels.Aging and Life Planning" stated, "We are not here today to talk about the latest findings from the CDC. On top of that, we are invited to join the thousands of other organizations who have signed onto this statement because this is an amazing time to be alive right now. This is an amazing time to be alive right now if you don’t have one. This is an amazing time to be alive right now to help shape this future. I can’t tell you this is an amazing time to be alive, because what we’re doing right now, what we’re doing every day, is it is the most amazing time I’ve seen in my own lifetime. This is the most amazing time I’ve ever been alive. This is the most amazing time of my life. This is the most amazing time I’ve ever been a parent.” I’m exhausted. This is the most amazing time of my life. This is the most amazing thing about this moment.Aging and Life Planning" and is a founding member along with his wife Candace, who is a senior at the University of Washington pursuing her BA in Epidemiology and Genetics, and their son, Kameron, who is an Air Combat Air Force veteran and a Research Scientist and Program Manager for the Air Combat Air Force program. She also serves as a King County Councillor on the Seattle Children’s Alliance and a founding member along with her mother Deb, who is wrangling a queen antelope at the King County Zoo.
I would like to thank the organizers for their persistence in making this happen. As you can see, in this condensed form, it is powerful. But I have to warn people, especially those of us who have a lot of small dogs, especially given our history, that some of these dogs are extremely sensitive. They may react badly to smells, vibrations, smells that are present in their environment. They may also have a hard time breathing or getting out of a tight fitting harness. And if they do have a hard time breathing or getting out of a harness, it could be an indication of a more complex medical issue.Aging and Life Planning. We now have at least six federal agencies that are dedicated to protecting the human lifespan, including the US Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of Energy, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. So we have a strong coalition built to change that, but it’s going to take all of us working together to make that happen.
Alright. Thank you to our first panel. Yay. I noticed one of those questions came from one of my students. Yay. So glad you’re here. Alright. Thank you, panel. Let’s have the next panel come up. This will be Phoenix Johnson. Phoenix is a Seattle born and first people indigenous person to the Pacific Northwest of the Tlingit and Haida Nation. Phoenix is an Air Combat Air Force veteran and has managed a suicide prevention program for the Army National Guard. Phoenix attended Portland State University for pre-med Public Health and Psychology. And they serve as President of the Seattle Veterans for Peace, a really important long-standing organization. And they also serve as King County’ssVeterans and Armed Services Chair. So two big jobs.Aging and Life Planning.
Thank you.
Hi. It’s really interesting. I don’t know if I can follow up your question, but so, as I was reading Buzz, I caught a couple glimpses into references of feathers and seeds. And then, especially with the passage of time, especially with your kid growing up, you mentioning years, I started realizing that you were collecting and conducting research in all these disparate subjects, probably at the same time and in parallel. So I was wondering about your research methods and how you keep all this information, together and related. And then ultimately when you focus on one subject and create a book about that subject, how that comes about?
I’m wondering the same thing and when you figure it out, you tell me what I’m doing. That’s a great question. So I have done that. I have a simple answer for that. You figure out what I’m doing it because you have to. You can’t just keep doing what you’re doing and nobody’s going to tell you that that’s not an answer.Aging and Life Planning is a growing field of study that shows how we can enhance the biological well being of our children while ensuring that they are healthy and functioning members of our society. We cannot allow this. We cannot allow for the stifling of creativity and the curtailment of our children from experiencing the world as it truly is. We cannot allow for the purview of our children as long as we continue to allow for the euthanasia of others. We cannot allow for the purview of our children as long as we continue to allow for the stem cell research to be compromised so that our children can continue to be harvested for their body parts. We cannot allow for the stem cell research to be compromised so that our children can continue to be harvested for their body parts. We cannot allow for the stem cell research to be compromised so that our children can no longer be saved. We cannot allow for the stem cell research to be compromised so that our children can no longer be saved. Our children deserve better. Our children deserve to have compassionate hearts. We cannot have these conversations in a culture that does not allow for empathy and compassion. We cannot have these conversations in a culture that does not allow for empathy and compassion.Aging and Life Planning is a complex issue and there are no simple answers. I think Agranata is a great place to start, but you’re welcome to join me in any other city or state. I think Seattle is a great starting point, but we have to double down on our commitment to prevent the needless suffering of our children and to ensure that every child has a sound, healthy, and safe place to grow up.
Alright. Thank you to our first panel. Yay. I noticed one of those questions came from one of my students. Yay. So glad you’re here. Alright. Thank you, panel. Let’s have the next panel come up. This will be Phoenix Johnson. Phoenix is a Seattle born and first people indigenous person to the Pacific Northwest of the Tlingit and Haida Nation. Phoenix is an Air Combat Air Force veteran and has managed a suicide prevention program for the Army National Guard. Phoenix attended Portland State University for pre-med Public Health and Psychology. And they serve as President of the Seattle Veterans for Peace, a really important long-standing organization. And they also serve as King County’ssVeterans and Armed Services Chair. So two big jobs.Aging and Life Planning…I have to do the same thing all the time. I have to work out, I have to play in the NFL, I have to keep fighting. The world doesn’t need to keep changing for us to reach our full potential.
I’m in a terrible way with my own drinking and I’m only 21 years old. But I feel like you have to do the same thing all the time because there’s so much shit that’s happening to our culture and we need to be connected to it.
I really appreciate that perspective ’cause I’ve been in situations where I really wanted to cry, but I couldn’t because I was so stressed out about my job and I was going to school and I couldn’t function. And so I just couldn’t do it.
You have to get to that point where you’re not able to function properly unless you get help. And so for me, that’s what I focus on. I’m not distracted by the distractions of the world.Aging and Life Planning Issues; one of the AGs for our team is Dr. Nancy Kato, who has a BS in Epidemiology and Biostatistics from the University of Washington and has been a Research Scientist there since 1993. She served as Chair of the Washington State Physicians for Social Responsibility from 2007-11. She has received national and international acclaim for her leadership on several issues related to reproductive health and rights, including Race, Fluoridation, and more. She has also been a founding member, along with her husband, of the Spokane Legacy Project, which works to ensure that our communities are prepared to handle a variety of impacts from nuclear weapons testing and other hazards on our region. She has a BA in Environmental Studies and Restoration Ecology from the University of Washington. Thank you for being here, Nancy.
Alright. Hi. There was a lot of heaviness in the room, both on this and other issues. I was going to ask you about your thoughts about the role of mindfulness in this work and how it might be integrated into the health care system. And you said that you had to push yourself very, very hard to be successful. Talk about why that is so?
Nourishing.Aging and Life Planning Issues with Intelligence Community Members. As one of the nation's top experts on aging and declining health, I see it first hand. As my clients, AARP and our national organizations are stretched thin, under the weight of both past medical expenses and our growing need for long-term care. As such, I have to speak as an expert on this subject matter. This is the part that kills me, none of this is talked about in the same way in which I experienced it myself. I was in a failing mental health facility and seeing all these talented young people succeed or fail, develop or stay healthy, is something that I never want to see happen to a community again. I feel like it is time for us to move on and for those of us who have some type of stake in the future of our facility, our students, or our nation to step up and lead. I believe that if we have communities of color in the room, the people of color will use it as an opportunity to transform their environment. I believe that we as communities of color, have a lot of work to do. I believe that we have a lot of work to do to make our community safer, healthier, and more equitable.