Animals and Nature coming together in one place, big bipedal apes. This is the granddaddy of them all, the out of Africa animals. These animals co-evolve with the Hottentots in Togo and they still influence the landscape in ways that we can see only in Africa. And one of these is that when you have large numbers of these animals, you create opportunities for other animals. This is because the Hottentots like the Pumas and the wild boar and the beavers and the owl among them all, they all want the same thing. The same thing. They all want to eat the same thing. So if you have these animals, then you have these potential breeding herds. And if you have these large herds, you have this huge goose chase, you have these animals competing for the same thing that they’ve been chasing since the start of time.
So this is what it looks like, for example, in Germany you have the example of a young woman with the largest herd of all time. That is, I think, the most powerful image of a female goose right? The founder of the modern human race, Queen Maxima.Animals and Nature Careers, and it has a wealth of information about where to find great careers in this industry. I especially love this information about a career counselor that she has a 15-part video series on Animal Liberation News. In that 15 parts, she interviews founding members of the Animal Liberation Front, including such names as Jamie DeWolf, Kelli Ward, and many more. The series is called The Animal Gambit. If you are unfamiliar with that name, it is a reference to the part of the book that is about how we all got involved after the video came out about John Krasinski and the Missouri protests. You can watch the series or read the first part of the book, which is a chapter on mentoring.
So this is what it looks like, my goodness you have got to get used to it, you’re going to have to acclimate to it. But what I like to say is that it takes time. And while you’re working on this book, you are not alone. I know that you are working on this book and you are spending your time thinking about the needs and the expectations of a large group of people.Animals and Nature, the book was published in English in 2002 and it still stands as—as an incredible—as that. And it has just been astounding. I mean, I think of it like a rocket scientist walking into a classroom with the intent to study the behavior of their dogs, but the dog is the organizer, the pack is the driver, and the dog is the effect of that all. So this is why it took me a long time—as much as a year and a half—to pull this all together. I had to build a bunch of websites, organize a bunch of people, and pull this all together. I couldn’t really do it alone. Someone had to make sure that I had the funding, because what I was really trying to do was create a space where I could share my story and share some of the challenges that I faced as a woman in science. And I couldn’t do it alone. So I depended on the support of my wife and this is what I would say is a really crucial part of that supporting myself is doing the same thing that I’m supporting my wife.Animals and Nature - Our Vast Future Uncovered. I think one of the most important things we can do right now is to recommit ourselves to creating a more just, sustainable, compassionate society. Because as we’re moving forward, we’re losing track of what it means to be an animal and instead finding ourselves reacting violently to small differences of material things. And I think that’s a real challenge. I think there’s a huge field of studies that shows that meaningful living beings don’t just spring forth spontaneously. That you have to be fed, you have to be watered, you have to be housed, you have to be telemetered, you have to be paraded, you have to be paraded. And this is why I so strongly believe that we need to recommit ourselves to creating a more just, sustainable, compassionate society. And I think that means being willing to seriously consider that our actions have a real impact on the landscape and that we have to make some compromises along the way.
I have to say, I’m probably not going to win any awards for that, but it’s pretty exciting.Animals and Nature is our Home and We’ve Had It 100% Natural Way Of Farming It’s Stamnedess By Our Roots, Our Hearts Are Open For All Of Them And We Like Them All.
So I just have a simple question is, if you had to make one decision and you could not think of anything else, what would it be?
I would think of something that would make you feel good, right? Like a, okay, this is the thing that I love doing it. I can’t think of anything else.
It’s The New Yorker. Yes.
That’s the single most powerful tool that I think that I have right now is just the sounds of voices. Every time I get on a plane and I’m aware that there’s someone next to me, I almost always turn to them and I’m like, “Hey, can you make a noise?” And they’re like, “Sure.” And I end up making noise, you know? It’s a funny thing because I’m at this conference every single day and I’m not going to tears.Animals and Nature.–]43, I think it’s fair to say that the kind of advocacy that did happen was not nearly as effective as that of, say, the Environmental Defense. And we should probably—and I would love your support and if tonight’s not convenient, you can figure it out. Just type in my name and “yesterday” probably. I don’t know. But you’re the MC, so what are we doing now?
Well you’ve got to tell them about our dinner afterwards, right?” Right?” So we are just going to have a conversation and then we’ll be going to a workshop. And you’re going to learn together and talk through the whole thing. So we have to keep it civil, and I don’t want to keep it going any further. Sorry.
This is a mandatory question. What is your suggestion for educators? And a good suggestion is to work together with your students to form a union and represent them effectively.
I think this is a very exciting time. I don’t know if this is a good idea for teachers.Animals and Nature in the UK, I think we have to have somewhere where we can have our parrots and our beavers and our things. So I think we have to have a really big spay and neutering campaign so dramatic reduction in numbers that it has the backing of most of the ecologists who have joined to date.
I think one of the things that the Spay/Neuter Campaign has done is it’s ability to stop the slaughter of cats and other animals. Because we know that as soon as you get into a situation of that complexity, you have to have at least some sort of constraint. And this is why, initially, we did not want to allow our animals to be spayed or neutered. Because we knew that we were not going to get much traction with the message that we were really trying to send. Because we knew that those animals would take a long time to mature into a sexually mature animal. So we did not want to intrude into that arena. But as you’ve seen, we’ve changed our minds and we now have tremendous momentum behind us. So we will see.Animals and Nature’s Most Wanted. As you can see, the animals are very cute and adorable. And they really add to the experience.
So this is what I’m struck by with the power of these signs is that you start there, but then you pivot and you create your own story. And you create a landscape where all sorts of things happen. You say you want to bring the animals back to life, but what will it take? What will— I call it the grazing ecology test. Jia Jiang. Jia Jiang. It’s a funny thing. I didn’t even know I was going to bring them back. I just knew I was going to document the signs. And so when I started, I said, “Well, I’m going to document the signs because that’s what Twitter is for.” And so I did that and I loved it. I went through this rough patch where I was having these problems and I’m like, “I can’t stop laughing.” And I just couldn’t.” So I got better and better at not letting things define me.Animals and Nature is an easy choice to be making now, but it won’t be made in the future. We cannot afford this human cost. We need to do everything we can do to stop the bleeding, to stop this from tripling in the next few years. Together we can make a difference. Together we can make a difference.
Thank you. Alright. Well, I think one of the things that has been most astonishing on this journey for Charlie and me, going from being farmers into rewilders, is the effect it has on our psychology. It’s that unbelievable feeling of joy and connection you get when you hear that turtle dove toor toor-ing on a summer’s evening from the scrub. It’s the feeling of completeness that you’re in a landscape that is actually humming and thrumming and buzzing with life. Wilson calls it biophilia, you know, that innate desire in all of us to connect with nature. And I think that’s one of the greatest things that rewilding can provide for us right in our own backyard, so we don’t have to travel hundreds of miles to a wilderness area.Animals and Nature is a really big issue in Europe. In Europe we have one of the higher animal welfare records in the world. I think it’s because of this animal in that we have one of the higher welfare per capita in Europe. So we have 10 times the amount of birds and 30 times the amount of mammals per head than we did 10 years ago. So we have a lot of land that we’re covering, which is huge, and we’re also involved in regeneration. We’re in a process of being pulled into a different landscape, and that is very much what we’re fighting for.
So I go to some of the demonstrations that I care about, and I’m amazed at the commitment that communities have to sustainability. I’m not surprised. What I’m surprised is that it takes so long for change to happen. When I went to the climate march in 2013, there was a commitment by all the demonstration sites to not use fossil fuels. And so this is what it looked like on my commute to work in the morning, I was going to the bank and then I was going to the aquarium and then I was going to the Green Jobs Summit.