Art and Design 3.
I can’t believe I’m writing this again. Can you make it so?
I can make any number of mistakes, make up any number of things, but one thing I can say is that design is hard. It’s really hard. And you see it all over the board. You see it in the Avis Budget department, you see it in the Chick-fil-A restaurants, you see it in the money that Chick-fil-A makes, you see it in the Chick-fil-A lines, you see it in the Chick-fil-A cups, you see it in the Chick-fil-A juice, you see it in the Chick-fil-A sandwiches, you see it in the Chick-fil-A hash browns, you see it in the Chick-fil-A pasta, you see it in the Chick-fil-A, you see it in the Chick-fil-A, you see it everywhere. And it’s okay. I made a bunch of bad Chick-fil-A food choices, and I’m going to eat 10 of them.
Okay.Art and Design student in the Dominican Republic. She also works as a consultant on sustainability and social movements. Her research examines the relationship between urban planning, resistance, and anti-nuclear movement development in the Dominican Republic.
Her research takes her to colonies in the Federated State of Hale, Corpus Christi, and Puerto Rico. She also studies the climate impact of nuclear weapons in the Marshall Islands. She has a BA in Environmental Studies and Restoration Ecology from Texas State University. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Again, thank you for having us this afternoon. My name is Twa-le Abrahamson-Swan, a member of the Spokane Tribe and our organizationsSociety was born around the time that Newmont mining who is an international mining giant was attempting to import more waste into our community in trying to say that they needed that income to clean up the site. And so at that time my mom got involved because we live downstream from this mill site. A couple of pictures about our reservation and our community.Art and Design as a whole is still very much an art, it’s just that the field of study has become much more complex and sophisticated with time. And part of the problem is that the field of study itself is not that diverse anymore. There are now institutions of higher learning all over the country that are representative of many things that are happening within that field. And this is just the beginning. There are people now who are experts in various areas on how to use this knowledge constructively with students. I was talking with one of my students this morning. She is a researcher who I work with at the Center for Youth Wellness in South Africa. She is a young, brilliant, beautiful woman. She is Fikile Mbalula, former South African president. She and her husband are helping to found the Center and she is using her mother’s death as an example of the ways that our current problems can be overcome. So that’s one of the examples that she’s sharing with me.Art and Design student, we are the stewards of this planet. We are responsible stewards of life on this planet. And we need leaders who are bright and committed to transforming this planet into a better place. We cannot afford this human cost. We cannot afford this loss of life. I urge my classmates to join me in rejecting the values of this world and finding a way to action through building power together.

Thank you. Alright.
Alright. Third question, I think this will be the toughest one probably. You all have been talking a lot about student activism on this campus, and I was wondering if you have noticed any uptick in that? And especially if you have any predictions, because I know many of you are worried about how this is going to play out on other campuses.
I think the role of student activist is to be a determined, persistent presence on this campus.Art and Design award in 2003 to a local artist and his series, Where Is She Now? The Local Artist Responds to the Anti-Capitalism Industry. He talks about the importance of community, the importance of connection, the importance of teamwork, and the importance of artists in any community. He then takes us to Denmark, where they have the second highest suicide rate in the Western world and one of the highest rates of cancer. This is why we don’t do politics, right? You don’t get to decide to be an artist and I think that’s what this book is really about.
So this is artist and activist and educator Dave Hall. He’s one of the main organizers of the New York Protest, 1993, that brought thousands of people together in one place in Central Park. And he has since organized massive protests all over the country, including this one, which was a march outside the 2004 Republican Convention in New York City, which still stands as—as far as I can see it—the very first protest against the Iraq War that we did. We didn’t do it alone.Art and Design is a long game. It takes a long time for change to happen. So while I don’t have the answer ready, I do think that we need to continue to push for greater investment in our infrastructure, in our policies and in our practices. And I think that we need to do that in the public interest, because as one of the things that I say in the book is when you have the public interest, there’s less stuff that they’re doing. And that means more bang for our buck.
Thank you very much. Alright.
I was wondering about this particular story, “Why I’m a Traveller”?” And I think one of the things that this book is really about the dog, and that you connect with, is that you have a big panda tattoo. It’s a big deal. A lot of people have big dogs, you know, 8 or 10, sometimes more, and that’s usually because they’re meant for a certain breed.Art and Design is a word that brings up ideas that most everyone would consider crazy ideas. It’s a word that brings up ideas that most people would consider crazy ideas. It’s a word that brings up everything from minimal furniture to stained glass to handmade pottery. It’s a word that describes a state of mind that is so far removed from the reality of what is happening in our world that it is hard to believe. But that is what the word design does. It describes a vision that you have when you’re walking into the museum and you realize that you have the most amazing things going on in your head.Art and Design students are preparing to present, Tomorrow We Forget. Tomorrow We Forget looks at the Vietnam War and the tremendous difference it made for many students and their families. What if you forgot? What if you couldn’t remember the last time you were in Vietnam? That’s a question that a lot of us are struggling with. And a lot of us are dealing with discrimination.
A question I faced in school was, you asked the previous question, so I got to it. I got to be a pediatrician? Really?
Yeah.
Okay. And this is a very important question. And this is a very close second to the previous one. This is the question that almost everybody gets. And it has to do with one of the most fundamental questions of all, like, how do you feel safe? You know, and I get it. And I was raised with that in mind. And I feel like a lot of us are ambivalent about asking a question. We’re not asking, “What’s your problem?” We’re like, “What’s your problem?” And we get to have these conversations.Art and Design is a huge field and there are hands-on learning opportunities for students of all ages. The AAS recommends the use of a developmental biologist to help students of all ages in their exploration of bees. The workshop theme this year was Adaptation. So the workshop was called "Empirical Methods in Animal Cognition". And the workshop facilitator was Dr. Diane Cox. She is a developmental biologist and the Chair of the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Washington. She also serves as a President of the Seattle Children’s Museum and the mother of two sons. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you all very much for being here.
I was wondering if bees have a similar kind of procedure, if a bee dies in the hive.
Yeah. I mean, this is, again, marvelous stuff. And again, you’re surrounded by all these bees and they’re all coming back. So it’s a very tight-knit community. You have to be able to recognize people and to recognize when you’re being stalked and to recognize when you are being followed and to have the time to prepare for the worst case scenario.Art and Design, an amazing life that you share with your husband and with your kids and with the goal of inspiring people to step up and doing the same thing that you do every single day.
I couldn’t say it without getting suspended, you know.
I was just wondering if you have any thoughts on the relationship between visual art and storytelling. I know you have a wonderful one with the Beach Boys.
I don’t have any more words for you right now.
Well, there’s this lady that’s been doing some amazing work in Portland, Oregon, and she’s recently started a writing workshop called Sounds of Story. And you can find her name, you can find her art on the olden maps of that area.
I know, right. She’s a writer.
And she came in and did a film review for Humans of New York. And if you go to the link, you can watch her story.
That was a film review.
Oh. My God. Oh, wait a minute. I didn’t watch Humans of New York.