Biography of a Gene' – that was published in the prestigious scientific journal Cell. It is a great book. It is a remarkable achievement. Here’s an excerpt from it, which is dedicated to the memory of Gene Sharp, who was myvisor to the author of this chapter and who was a friend and comrade of my father’s. You will notice that there’s a great deal of discussion of the menstrual flow in that chapter. That is, if you will, the most studied and studied menstrual flow in the history of science. Yes?
Well, there are a lot of menstrual flows in the human body. So, it is a really important part of our biology. We all have some amount of menstrual flow. Some women have multiple flow in their menstrual tissue, or they have multiple menstrual cycles. I’m going to read you a passage from the book that I really loved, which is about menstruation and childbirth. She talks about the pain that it causes her to bear witness to what she terms “the birth defect of modern medicine”. That is, if you will, the most fascinating thing that I haven’t read yet. Biography
Eliot Cobb was born in Canada but raised in the Marshall Islands and he spent his early years in the Islands participating in the clean up of the nuclear radiations that were produced during the time that they were being produced in the Islands. These contaminated radiations were transported to Hawaii and deposited in the Hawaiian Islands. I’m wondering if anyone has any idea how many people are affected by these contaminated radiations in the Islands and also out into the Pacific Ocean.
Oh, it’s a really interesting question. I don’t know of an effective way to address this problem other than to continue to put in the same amount of fossil fuel as we’re doing now. We’re putting in the same amount of oil and continuing to produce the same amount of fossil fuel. So we’re choking ourselves, as we’re putting in the same amount of pollution. So this is not really an option that I think is very sexy. Biography Editors:
You will need to register with the celebratory society at the end of the convention in Indianapolis to get your picture taken with National Treasure. We were joined by two more than happy to oblige, including our very own Mimi and her lovely son, Austin. Mimi, remember, is our wonderful Vice President of Public Affairs and Unity for our local chapter of the National Organization for Women. So thank you for that.
And finally, we had a wonderful time. And I do enjoy a good fight. This was, unfortunately, not the only disappointing moment of the convention. There was a lot of other stuff that was a disappointment, like the whole anti-Muslim thing. I was not happy with the way that some of the speakers went. I have to say, I was not happy with most of them. I am not a big fan of his, in fact. But this was, I was personally disappointed with. So many speakers were disappointing. I had hoped to see a lot more diversity in the speakers, and we got a lot of speakers that were clearly not going to be able to speak because they were worried about offending people. Biography of a Stressor, a paper I presented at the American Sociological Association convention in San Francisco a few years ago, talks about the time I went to Haiti with the Swat team to investigate the Maori backlash against the nuclear weapons there.
And here we have another example of someone—you don’t have to tell me this, but you have to tell me this—someone so deeply committed to a cause, they will choose to make a Heroic Sacrifice. You can watch them making that choice for themselves, and then for the effect of the impact outside of the case. I think, for me, that’s the most powerful example of what is probably a hundred or so similar cases I’ve heard about. Where someone is so passionate about a cause that they will dedicate their life to it, that they will dedicate their body in an act of heroism. That’s the coolest thing. You can watch people do heroic things in our society. I don’t know of any other example. It’s so unusual. I’m shocked to learn that it’s not unique to me. I’ve heard that it’s happening to George Washington. Biography of the author, part of which begins with a quotation this time, from the Danish poet, Rainer Maria Rilke, who once said, “Beauty is the last refuge of the neurotic.” This is the voice of reason that constantly urges us to step up our meditation and reflective practice. It’s the only voice that matters.” It is also a very good thing that we should, because this is a crisis in the history of our species. We don’t have it. We don’t have much longer. So what will happen, if not for our constant vigilance, we might lose our ability to reason together because it will be too late. Or it will be unable to sustain us. We could lose our capacity to empathize with one another because we will no longer have the space and opportunity to do so.
So let’s step up our game. Let’s support each other. Let’s step up our game. Biography of the Author
So at the beginning of my book, I talk about my process. I talk about the moments when I first learned of Penthouse. I was living in New York City and I was working as a consultant and trialing a book and I had this moment. I have to admit, I was a consultant. It was the coldest, gloomiest, most forbidding, most forbidding kind of moment. I’m a 41 year old man with a 56 inch vertical and I was standing in front of a mirror in my fifth grade gym class, naked. I was not going to attempt to make a transition into becoming a social worker. In fact, I was terrified I was going to lose all my clients. I was dealing with a client who was going through a really tough time. And I couldn’t believe that I was dealing with a client who was actually suicidal. I mean, this was a naked guy with a stinging, painful stinger on the back of his hand. And I was just like, “Oh my God, I’m losing clients? Really?” You know, that’s a brick wall, right?” But I got lucky. Biography of the Artist as told through his own words and drawings. These words are extracted directly from his own journal, a journal that was compiled during the time that he was imprisoned for participating in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. On behalf of so many other activists, I congratulate you on this historic occasion. You will be the spokesperson for Physicians for Social Responsibility here in Seattle. As you’re well aware, SosR is an organization that works to end the war on civilians and peaceful protestors. We also congratulate you on your leadership and work within the Palestinian movement on this issue. Finally, I would like to see you here today with us. So, you’re a tireless advocate for justice and you have a tireless energy. So, thank you.
I’d like to see you here. It’s always nice to see you.
Okay. Well, first, I want to thank you for such an outstanding leadership and work you have already done so far this year. I’m particularly pleased to see you bring this historic opportunity to share your vision and call to action. BiographyBelow is a brief bio of an African American physician. She was born in U. S. history, entered the University of Washington in the 1960’s and rose to the chair of the Department of Epidemiology in the 1980s. By the 1990s, she was using her medical training to advocate for the health and well being of Black and Native Americans. She has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of toxic stress in pregnant women and its impact on the unborn child. She has also initiated many training programs to improve the care of our members of the military who are impacted adversely by chemical and biological exposures. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you.
All right. Well, I think I’m going to ask you, first of all, to talk a little bit about the role of data in this work because, of course, you have a big part in this work. And you have a huge following.
I do. Thank you. But, I think, first of all, I want to start maybe by asking you for your thoughts about the data ethics platform that you’re working on. Biography? What you’re doing now?
Yeah. My name is Jody Ann. I’m a writer, director, and producer based in New York City. I co-founded Geek Feminist New York in 2003 and I’ve been involved ever since working on a variety of issues related to feminism and social justice. I was the Organizer for the New York Protest Network, Marching For My Sister, and that was an important part of what we did. And we had a paper checklist, you know, if you’re a typical protest, you have a checklist. And this was for us it was just a matter of being visible, being able to communicate, be part of the movement, be a conduit through which we could communicate and organize. And so I feel like that was a key part of our work. And we were very visible for our work. We would upload a bunch of videos to YouTube, and we had these huge pop up parties all over the city. I’m proud to say, I was one of the many people who participated in that. I’m not going to pretend that I didn’t want to be a part of it. Biography of the author, Dr. David Kona Anitok. Here he is, standing in front of a mirror, to show off his incredible work ethic. Imagine doing for a living as a missionary, and being like, “Hey everyone, I’m just like, building my foundation.” And you’re like, “Wow, that’s really hard.” And I’m like, “It’s a very crafty thing.” And you’re like, “It’s a very crafty thing.” And you start to realize that this is not an everyday thing. And you start to realize that there are a lot of people who are disposable who have never even been to a Missionary Training Center. I want to say this to you, though, and this is the truth; Some people don’t even bother going to a Missionary Training Center. I don’t know why.