Biology. I want to talk about how important it is to look at these issues of systemic racism in the context of, I think, also looking at how these issues have affected certain U.S. cities, particularly considering that, in some ways, they have become, we are seeing, because these are issues of race, they are treated like they are epidemics. They are not unlike the plague that consumed much of Europe in the 14th century. And yet, despite this, and despite the fact that there are, in some ways, national parks here in the U.S. that were created as a result of discrimination, there are also protected areas in the U.S. that were created as a result of these discriminatory policies. So, taking it a step further to make the United States a truly equitable society, a society that cares about every single person of color, I propose that we institute a program of full and immediate implementation of this statement by saying, we are going to implement a full and immediate ban on Muslim immigration to the United States. Biology, tweeted, ‘Humans are the most versatile creatures on the planet. Think wide and deep like the knee jerk first responder.’ To which I think we can all relate because as we’re starting to realize, our ability to change our behavior is tied directly to our biology. Our biology tells us how we evolved our ways of being, where and how we communicate, what it’s telling us is that our biology is really complicated. It tells us so much about where and how our brains are, where and how we think, that it is actually quite complicated. I want to get into this notion and I want you to elaborate it because if you don’t, you are literally changing the course of events within the brain. You are changing the biology of the brain. That’s the magical thinking tool that allows you to think in these difficult moments. But you cannot ignore the biology of the brain. You cannot ignore the fact that the majority of us are made up of the same stuff. You cannot ignore that most of us are wired the same way, the same way our behavior is transmitted from one moment to the next. Biology. He’s been a professor of biological sciences and management of graduate studentships at the University of Washington and the author of numerous publications on how these issues are affected by a wide array of biological, environmental, and socio-economic factors. For example, he coauthored an article in the Seattle Times in March of this year that declared, “We are losing our ability to produce honeybee nests because of climate change.” The author is a noted researcher in the field of colony collapse disorder who has been studying this particular strain of bees for more than 40 years. He has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. I congratulate him for his tireless research and hope he will one day lead us to a cure for this world’s greatest bee problem.
Ahmadinejad. Thank you for such thoughtful responses. One other question I think deserves a response is this, which is a question related to one of the guiding principles of your book. You talk about the importance of pediatricians and other doctors who work with kids doing universal screening, starting at birth. Biology, ensures that our scientists and clinicians are equipped to deal with the enormous challenges that we will face in the future. To learn more about how we can strengthen our collaboration and exercise greater care in the coming years, visit the Intercollegiate Athletics website, or call 1-800-467-6668.
Intercollegiate Athletics is a nonprofit organization of small colleges and universities that organizes many summits worldwide to raise national awareness of issues relating to childhood adversity and to advocate for systemic change. Their mission is to ensure that every child has a voice and an opportunity to participate in society. To do that, they work with schools, communities, and others to create systemic change. We support students and staff to ensure that every student has a voice and that every child is served. For that, I want to thank you for being here. You have all of these impacts and more. So I was inspired to create this account because I had essentially made it solely to support students. I had never even made a single donation of my own. I relied on people like you all of all the time. You all of your contributions add up to something really big. Biology) and there are many more that come to mind. So if you have the time and you just want to do some good, then I implore you to do the same. Because if you don’t, who will?
Okay. Hi. There was a lot of heaviness in the room, clearly. A lot of folks are white. And I would imagine if you had some kind of leadership and you just wanted to get to the point, you could do that. But I think one of the biggest issues in our society is we have the illusion that this is a struggle between different racial groups or religious groups. And I think one of the biggest ways we can challenge that is to challenge the narrative a little bit. When you’re talking about “fighting racism” and you have groups of young Black women who are powerful, you have to have some measure of power. You have to have some measure of how can I be counted among those who are powerful. Biology.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. One of the observations that I think we can all take from your talk is that our relationship to bees is like a mosaic of biology. You talk about cooperation, you’re talking about collaboration. And I think one of the things that has been most surprising to me, and this is not necessarily news to me, is that you talk about bees so much in terms of morphology and physiology. And you’re like, “Oh, we’re familiar with that muscularity.” It’s in that first pass, that you’re always talking about the other bees. And I was like, “Oh, okay. This is my wife.” And you were like, “Oh, I’m not joking.” And so I got a good sense from looking in the archives of when you were telling me that story about the nest being the smallest in the garden, that’s when you were really connecting with the bees.
Yeah. Biology. You’re the MC, if that makes any sense.
Yeah. My sister is adorable. She is my best friend and I miss her every day because we grew up together, we went to the same public school together. She’s my best friend and I miss her every day because we were social, if you’re a window, if you’re a beat, if you’re a heartbeat, if you are the heartbeat of the room, then I need you to be there because I don’t have to speak for the people I care about. I have to speak for my family and I can’t go through this without crying. I have to cry for my mom and I care for my dad and I feel like if I don’t go through this and anybody else has to go through this, it’s for the family. If anybody else has to go through this and they’re able to have a voice, I don’t know what else to tell you because we don’t have that. We don’t have that right. Biology]. And while I was still working in a anti-nuclear movement for the Nuclear Weapons Task Force, I witnessed first-hand the dedication of a number of auxiliaries of the movement. At a mobilization in support of the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Task Force at Luke Air Force Base in central Illinois, February 16th, the day before, two USAF bomb technicians, one was killed and two were injured. Two USAF nurses, one was seriously injured, and both suffered from what appeared to be nerve damage. The hospital discharged the second patient, a woman, and she developed a terminal illness. The result of this tragedy was a lawsuit, filed in federal court in Centralia, Wisconsin, claiming the Air Force violated its duty to care and the Americans with Disabilities Act. The Air Force settled the lawsuit for an undisclosed sum. In September of that year, the Air Force published a detailed response to this lawsuit. It was a detailed, well-rehearsed account of the heroic efforts of the Air Force National Guard to stabilize the Likud movement after the electoral College meeting on January 26th. And it was also revealing in that response is how little regard they had for the wishes of the people. Biology.
I haven’t read a lot of your books, but I assume that you are familiar with the work of your colleagues at the Clinic for Reproductive Medicine in San Francisco and across the country. If so, that means you have some of the most powerful medicine at your fingertips. How does that project come about? How do you balance that? I know you mentioned shepherding, but how does that balancing act?
I mean, we’re a long way from equilibrium. I mean, we’re not even there. We give you all these facts about the amount of money that women spend on abortion, the amount of money that men spend on abortion, and we say, “Well, that’s what the research shows.” We just gave you that. And here’s how you work. You say, “Well, of course, everyone has to have an abortion. Everyone has to have an abortion.” You’re like, “But what about all those inconvenient facts?” I’m like, “Hmm. Biology, Cancer Fighters, and Technicians union. I have to look up their names and shame them. And I don’t want to. I don’t think they deserve it.” Right? Because this is the middle of a workday and I have to get up and go to work. And this is the first round of this whole organizing. I have to get up and go to work because this is the first round of protests. And anything that we can do right now, I think, we can do better.
Before I go into, there’s a passage I have to read. My own thing; if you aren’t reading you can skip to the end and you will not regret it. And I didn’t want you to read it. You know?
And I would’ve loved you to read it, but there’s just this huge commitment you have to yourself, and there’s something about reading a book and becoming a reader that takes up a huge amount of space. And I have to kind of manage that and I’m very happy to have that space now.