Business and Economics text books that we all need to read are here. And you can get them together and you’re going to read them in the order that they appeared in this book. So you get Economics 101, which is good because a lot of our students are stuck. We’re trying to figure out how we improve upon the course that we have.
And then we have Textbook 2.0, which is good because a lot of the lessons that we learn in this book, we can apply to any subject. So it’s a two part question. One, how can we make sure that our students are equipped with the knowledge and skills to be successful in any given situation? And we’ve got to make sure that our teachers are equipped with the knowledge and the skills to be effective in making sure that our education system is equipped to meet the challenges that we will face in the future.
Both?
So my first inclination is to just make sure that we’re a two-sided market. Because I don’t want students to feel like they are the only ones who are suffering under this pressure. Everyone’s circumstances are set. Everyone’s journey is unique.Business and Economics professor and author of numerous research reports, speaks frequently on topics of racial equity, poverty, injustice, and the impact of poverty and inequality on American communities and society. He has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you, Michael.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Who is she? She is a treasured member of the Twa-le Society and we’ve had so many great times when she’s there. But one of her passions is playing the violin. She’s taken the violin from the back of the room and plays it every day. She has a BA in Music Education and theatre from Texas State University. She and her husband are avid walkers and get involved in the local trails and in the community out on the San Jacinto. She’s a founding member along with her husband of the Dallas Symphony and they raise money to support education initiatives at the local, state and national levels. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. So welcome to all of you. You’re our totally live panel so you get to talk first.Business and Economics
I thank him very much indeed for coming.
I think one of the things that this book has that the media often fails to acknowledge or discuss is that there are a lot of people who are not well received by the scientific community and are often invisible to the rest of us. And you talk about that.
Right. And you make a compelling case for why those people should have their voice. For me, my hope is that this book will bring the sense of collective responsibility that the public has always needed. And I think it’s a powerful proposition. I’m a firm believer that we as a society have a moral interest in maintaining the integrity of our research methods and our shared humanity. And I think it’s time for us to stop pretending that we know what the hell we are doing. We don’t.
And I would add that if there’s one thing this book should have been required reading for, it should be a best- seller of all time. That there are e-books that are as good as this one, and they’re not. And you’re right.Business and Economics professor David Kona Anitok has a great discussion with Clayton Christensen on why we need a Green New Green Deal and how we can strengthen it. I especially like the way Clayton talks about how the climate movement has let him into the climate movement, but we need to let him in. And that’s why we have these sit-ins. Everybody’s got toard. I want to see a paper tiger cub from the economics department at the University of Washington wearing a T-shirt, a plain t-shirt, nothing special. No elephants or gorillas in that paper tiger. Just plain old us. And that’s how you get people thinking about how we can strengthen the green movement and you might see some sort of coordination happening between the environmental movement, the climate movement, the immigrant advocacy, the real estate, and other movements. All of these things are bringing us together to discuss these issues and they’re all contributing to the change we need. And through these various means, I think, we are trying to reach people on both sides of the aisle.Business and Economics professor and keynote speaker at this year's American Economic Association, a group that promotes economic and social justice. She was born in America and raised in the Marshall Islands and considers both to be integral parts of her being a full citizen of the United States. She served as a Research Assistant to the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology Policy Cynthia Cox from 1990 to 1993 and was a Research Scientist with the Earth Institute from 1993 to 1997. She and her wife are affiliated with Ground Zero Center for Neighborhood Technology, a Seattle based non-profit that promotes sustainable development and stewardship of the Kent State Nuclear Test Site. She and her husband are also board members of AARP, the national board of artists, and the steering committee for Seattle Children’s Museum. Thank you for being here, Twa-le.
Tom Carpenter is our next speaker. He’s the founding Executive Director of Hanford Challenge, Inc. He’s also the founding Executive Director of Hanford Justice, LLC. A watchdog and advocacy organization based here in Seattle. He’s worked on issues of racial equity, economic justice, and the militarization of our nuclear arsenals.Business and Economics 101, we only talk about the message and not the science. Right? You say, ‘Well, sure. I’m always going to speak on the science.’ That’s my whole point. The whole point of this book is that you talk about the science, but you don’t have to present it to people. You present it and they listen. And so I think that, for me, part of the success of this book is that it was able to work both ways. I think that, when I read the science, I got this sense that this is sort of a arms race between, um, keep it real, don’t pull a rabbit out of my hat. Science, you know, first that Vaccine Impact Study, which was retracted after some controversy, found that there was no association between infantile spay/neuter and adverse childhood experiences. Similarly, the Food and Drug Administration, in their vaccine guideline, made it very clear that they did not have to like science, they could not like the evidence. They said, ‘This is for families. This is for students.Business and Economics with his wife Gena. He’s been a research scientist since 1976 and has a BA in Environmental Studies and Restoration Ecology from the University of Washington. Thank you for being here, Twa-le.
Tom Carpenter is our next speaker. He’s the founding Executive Director of Hanford Challenge. How many of you belong to Hanford Challenge? A watchdog and advocacy organization based here in Seattle. He’s trained as an attorney and has been organizing and litigating for four decades around Hanford and other nuclear sites around the country. Tom has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established environmental sampling programs at Hanford, Los Alamos and russian nuclear sites. Tom also works with some of my students at the University of Washington and so we’ve had this great collaboration where he offers really great research opportunities to students.
Kara Sweidel is next. Kara was busy last week. It was the climate strike. Anybody participate in that? Yeah. Kara is an organizer with 350 Seattle where she co-leads teams on equity and inclusion, solidarity, and another called Pledge of Resistance.Business and Economics professor for more than 30 years, her research has focused on issues of racial equity, economic justice, and environmental sustainability. Her publications include the award winning book, We Deserve a Future, which was published in 2016 and was followed by the protest video, White Women for White Men, which went viral in 2017. She has also initiated several organizing efforts, including the organizing letter Join the Struggle, which was published in the Washington Post on December 9, 2017, signed by more than 200,000 people. She has received national and international attention for her activism, including receiving the 2017 National Medal of Science from President Trump. She and her husband, science communicator and organizer Doug Band, co-author White Men for White Men, have a son together, Barron, who is doing well. So welcome, all of you. White women are joining us. I have to say, I’m not usually asked before, but I was a little surprised to hear from you. Could you tell us why you wanted to come speak here? And what drew you to this particular subject?
Thanks for the introduction. I was just wondering if you had a comment on the appropriateness of having a science communicator for this event.Business and Economics professor for the University of Washington and has just published a book called Redefining Good Governance. I think it’s fantastic. He defines it as, “good governance is good government.” It’s a wonderful book.
So I need to ask you, Redefining Good Governance, if you think this book would benefit from a subtitle?
I’m happy to see one out of this, but it needs to be good governance. We have to have a dedicated audience here.
Yes?
So my thought was that perhaps you have to have a certain amount of contrarian thought to be able to deliver this type of message in a way that is sustainable. And you’re well aware that this is an immense task. This is the kind of stuff that requires a certain amount of humility and a certain amount of care. And one of the challenges that we have to face as we’re facing this transformation is that we are now also facing the inevitable criticism that we are surrendering any semblance of control. And you talk about this in this book.Business and Economics of Poverty Study, part of the National Academies Press Briefing Book, was published in 1996. It provides a good overview of the findings of this book and of other recent studies that have come out since. I recommend it highly.
Brooks says in the National Academies Press Briefing Book,
"Today we’re going to hear from a national security advisor to the State of Washington. He is John Richardson, who has a chapter called “How the Military Operationally Failed Us.” It’s a chapter that details the successful Mobilizing and Retaking of Posse Comitatus by the United States military after the 1993 bombing of Nagasaki. The chapter also contains a very good discussion of the failure of that same movement after the 2003 invasion and its aftermath. We are going to hear from him again on this book tour. So, this is John Richardson. And we will also hear from Army Lieutenant General Charles DeGroot, who is a retired four star Marine general who co-chaired the New York City Police Commission and was United States military attache to the United Nations in 2003. He is also the founding Chair of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006.