Climate and Sustainability Unit at the University of Washington, is currently working on a book called Players, Rivers and Fires. The subtitle of this book is an attempt at humor, in that we’re often told how very difficult it is to make a livable wage as an NFL referee. I think players deserve a little bit of humor too, because we really do have some pretty serious issues with substance abuse and substance abuse issues on the NFL field. I think for us as a player, we see a lot of issues with that we see a lot of issues with the way that our players are treated on the field. And as a father and as a man, I find it really hard to reconcile what I'm told is a very serious issue with what we are told to be a joke. And I find it really hard to understand why we as fans need to put up with players who use illegal drugs, who rape our women, who are basically dishonorable to the NFL and to society as a whole. I find it really hard to fathom, and I can’t really answer it, because it makes me sick. It makes me angry. Climate and Sustainability. She’s a founding member along with her husband, Dave Hall, and others of the East Bay Conservation and Recovery Task Force and they work as a team to support the East Bay Resource Recovery Initiative. They also serve as Chair of the East Bay Municipal Water Quality Control Board. She’s a founding member along with her husband, Dave Hall, and others of the East Bay Conservation and Recovery Task Force and they work as a team to support the East Bay Resource Recovery Initiative. She also serves as Chair of the East Bay Municipal Water Quality Control Board. She’s a founding member along with her husband, Dave Hall, and others of the East Bay Conservation and Recovery Task Force and they work as a team to support the East Bay Mission. And so we have here, in this city, a team that is as diverse as the people who call this city home. They come from all walks of life, race, gender, ability, and view themselves as part of the community that has been erased from this board. They are striking examples of what Dr. Burke has called, appropriately, the Post-Black Racial Divide. Climate and Sustainability (SSSSS) officers to speak with students and community members about sustainability and climate justice. Students and community members are organizing to help bring this awareness to students and organizing to enable them to take action and form teams to tackle these challenges. I encourage you to join them.
I would like to thank you again to join us here tonight, Twa-le.
Tom?
I’m so sorry for the interruption, Twa-le. It’s so embarrassing. I’m so glad to finally be here. And I want to thank you for the amazing work you put in to make this happen. And I want to also talk about some of the challenges that you mentioned, because it’s really important to me that we not just project ourselves on each other, but we have to allow each other to change ourselves. How do you project that? How do you change the course of events?
I’m so honored to be here. It’s been a crazy year. I’ve really enjoyed this role. I’ve managed this huge organization. This is my fourth year. I’ve just kept going. Climate and Sustainability—before Obama. In fact, it was just after the historic climate march that we had a huge demonstration outside the White House. So this was not a typical day. I don’t know, typical day for a protest. But this was not it. This was the day of. I don’t know, is it supposed to be a typical protest? Because this is not a typical protest. This is a typical day for a typical day for a middle of the night march. But this was not a typical protest. And we had a lot of people. So this was not typical. And we had a lot of allies. This was not typical. I have to say, historically, I’ve been amazed at how effective protest is. It’s saved me a lot of time, energy, and emotion than I could ever have dreamed of. And I will say, in retrospect, it’s probably not a surprise to learn that very soon after the historic climate march, there was a huge run of forest fires in the Western Interior of the U.S. —more than three times as many acres as the entire state of Washington. And it wasn’t just in the West. Climate and Sustainability for Canada, a citizen organization based here in Seattle. She also co-leads the group as a Counsellor to the Prime Minister and has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established the Leadership Schools program, which provides pathways for students from coast to coast, to graduate with an understanding of the impact of nuclear production and workforce health and safety on students. She has also formed the Nuclear Performance and Safety Working Group, which brings together representatives from academia, industry, and advocacy to work together to ensure that we are delivering to Canadians that our nuclear workforce is in top working order to address this threat to humanity.
Yoichi Nagano is a retired Research Scientist and Director of the Pacific Rim Disease Prevention Center. He serves as the President of the Hiroshima Club here in Seattle and has earned doctoral degrees in Epidemiology and Statistics at both Tokyo and in Illinois and lives in the area with his wife and two daughters. Let’s hear from Phoenix first and then we’re going to hear from Dr. Namekata who has a bit of a video to show us.
And then we have a third speaker who is David Kona Anitok. Climate and Sustainability Conference is an excellent example of a conference that I think is doing real thing to bring together people from all around the world to discuss these important issues. And I’m so excited and proud to be part of this movement to bring these discussions to the United States. And I’m so thankful to be here with Senator Murray and to be working with her today. And I will do my best to bring out her thoughtful comments and I hope they are a source of inspiration to other Senators and Representatives on this issue.
I have a two-part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about the role of community engagement can’t be understated. Could you share a little bit about how you got there?
The simple answer is we got to organize. The community engagement happens in all stages. It’s not glamorous, you’re not with a lot of excitement, but it’s crucial. And you can see, if you look at the ground game, or the infrastructure, or the concepts, or the concepts of a startup, you’re getting there in a heartbeat. Climate and Sustainability in Plymouth will present more evidence of the immense contribution that these organizations have made to advancing science and advancing our understanding of how our water is used, how it is transformed, and how important it is for water stewardship in this new world.
Thank you.
Hi, Nadine. Hi. I was just in the middle of your first book and I got to the part about the climate change strike and the subsequent unwinding of some of that. So, one of the chapters was called “Averting the Catastrophe of Nuclear War”. And it was a chapter called “Averting the Catastrophe of Nuclear War” because we just learned on Tuesday that the JCS is going to increase the size of its nuclear weapon and that it will do so without the required congressional approval. And so, one of the chapters was really about the fact that this is the 21st century version of the Cold War. We’re playing catch up with Cold War technologies and procedures that were once again, we are forced to face the consequences of our Cold War behavior. Climate and Sustainability, and justice is a big one.
I worked for a water cleanup in the 1980s and I helped found the Spokane Tribe to bring our nuclear disaster into the present day. The Spokane Tribe is one of the most ecologically fragile communities in the nation and they lost most of their freshwater aquifer, their wetlands are disappearing. Their climate is changing; heavy industry is replacing traditional fishing and hunting seasons. And, worst of all, nuclear weapons are just some of the impacts that they can inflict on the landscape.
So this is what we call it, the air game. And we were so lucky to find Clementine —she was our air quality specialist from 1986 to 1988. And she has been a warrior. She has a passion for sharing her knowledge and she is a leader in the Green River Initiative, which works to restore the Green River to its wild state. The river is one of the most biologically fragile waterways in the nation and the Trump administration has taken it out of commission. So it’s in really precarious straits at this point.
So this is what we call it, the water game. And we’re trying to make it so. Climate and Sustainability for small and midscale farmers. I worked with some of my students in United for Peace and Justice in an effort to organize local people to be part of an action to stop the Keystone XL pipeline. We put a lot of emphasis on local, neighborhood, climate, and people-centered initiatives. I think one of the most important things we can do right now is make sure that our laws are strong enough to keep pace with the changing science and the evolving situations. I think a big part of that is ensuring that the science is being shared widely and making sure that our resources are being put where they need to be.
Thank you. Alright.
I appreciate this is Sophie Richardson. She is our current Outreach Coordinator and a founding member along with her mother Deb, who is wrangling a lot of stuff around the climate movement. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. She and her mother are also the Co-Chairs of the Boulder City Panel on International Religious Freedom and the Co-Chairs of the Boulder-Viking Refugee Welcome Center. So there’s a lot of work to be done. But I believe that with your leadership, some of this can happen. Some of this has to happen. Climate and Sustainability This was the section that really exploded my interest in this field. And I was not alone in. I think there were a lot of people who were interested in this, but not in the usual places. This was not a closed field. If you are not an entrepeneur, you are not a strategic thinker. You are someone who is trying to reach across the aisle. And that is what this book is about. So this is about trying to unpack this AEsES thing a little bit. So, I have to interject myself in this because I am not a trained researcher. I am someone who has a background in social movements and traditional movements and has a love for this work. And I was amazed by the interest that I got from people. I mean, this was before the climate strike. And people were very interested in the fact that I was going to Canada and I was going to sit in the back and let the climate strike happen. And that’s something that’s totally understandable. As you’re leading this protest, you have to have this interest in contributing to the climate movement.