Culture Studies at the University of Arizona, where she was a founding member along with her mother Deb, and fellow member Jeanelle Sales, she is now a founding member along with her mother Deb. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you all very much.
Nourishing Our Planet with Plantain. So if you haven’t seen it yet, that is a landscape that you will experience in your lifetime. This is the landscape that the Amazon rainforest was transplanted to. And so you will be using that landscape in exactly the same way that the climate corps used the climate corps for their iconic 1984 movie, Redwood Falls. You will be using the climate corps to bring the climate catastrophe that is man-made climate change into the Amazon and, frankly, the Congo river delta.
And you will be using those climactic differences as stepping stones for a much larger movement to bring the climate movement in line with the goals and the initiatives of the nuclear disarmament movement. So we’re thrilled to have you join us this evening, Nourishing Our Planet.Culture Studies Unit at the University of Washington. She also volunteers her time as a research consultant to organizations such as the Wilderness Society, where she leads the Climate Justice steering committee. She’s a founding member along with her husband, Doug, of the Spokane Tribe to the Sierra Club. So welcome to all of us. My name is Alyssa Crittenden and I’m the Youth Coordinator for Beyond the Bomb. Our youth have been blown away by recent nuclear tests in Japan. We are the only organizations representing this generation in this movement. So thank you for being here, Twa-le.
This is Alyssa Crittenden. She is a member of the Spokane Tribe and the Climate Leadership Institute. She has a BA in Environmental Studies and Restoration Ecology from the University of Washington. She and her husband are restoring the Snake River in Washington state. She also serves as a trustee and works as a consultant on energy and water issues for the Spokane Tribe. The Climate Leadership Institute brings together leaders from across the political spectrum to discuss critical issues of racial equity, militarism, and the destruction of public lands and water.Culture Studies in the Social Sciences. You can see that right there, in that I’m talking to these people, I’m not trying to hide it. I’m talking to them because that is the heart and the soul of what it is, is that we have to continuously work through these systems because we can never truly change them. We can never truly change the hearts and mindsets. We can never truly change the circumstances. We can’t connect with people on issues of racial equity, economic equity, inclusion, or respect. We have to find ways to continuously challenge those systems and believe is that we can continuously challenge those systems will change people’s hearts and mindsets.
I think that is what we have to do. I think we have to go deeper in these discussions because people don’t have time for that. Time for small talk. Time for artists to have their work displayed in public. Time for us to stand up for what we believe in. And I think that’s what we have to do.
Okay. Hi.Culture Studies Association of America, a not-for-profit organization based here in Seattle. I’m the Founding Executive Director and an ISA Board Member. I also serve as a consultant to the United Nations and other organizations on sustainability, democracy, human rights, and international economic issues. I have a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you for being here, Twa-le.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Again, welcome. Again, thank you for such thoughtful responses. I saw one of the talking points in tonight’s paper was, quote, “The climate is changing,” which is an understatement of the amazing work that is happening on climate change in our country. And, again, you mentioned the work of organizations like 350 and you mentioned the need for us to have a similar kind of advocacy. So, Twa-le, one of the big differences this time around is going to be messaging. And, unfortunately, the messaging here is not that different. And so, one of the big differences this time around is going to be symbolism. And unfortunately, the symbolism that we’ve seen so far this year is pretty predictable.Culture Studies Center and co-director of the Chicago Panel on Persuasion and Collective Bargaining, a think tank based here in the 1980s. He retired in 2001 and since that time has been organizing and leading a collective of community activists, led by CORE, the Community Oriented Policing Services, which evolved into the Chicago Police Association. I also worked with him on a national network of evaluators and reformers. When we were in the Midwest Regional Organizing Committee, we worked side by side with organizers to put a lot of pressure on the local officials to bring our programs and facilities to bear on the task of electing a new chair. And we won some big wins, like the National Defense Authorization Act for 2020 which prevented the president from providing additional funding for Dyess and Pritzker to be the chair of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force. We also put pressure on the Senate to pass the National Defense Authorization Act for 2020, which put a hold on all nuclear weapons that don’t meet the minimum safety standards required by law. Finally, we put pressure on the House to pass the National Defense Against Nuclear Terrorism Act. I was one of the four co-sponsors of that legislation.Culture Studies protests every single immigration executive order that Congress repeals. I call it the immigration strike deep sense of the March, the groundswell of the Women’s March, the first Women’s March. It was a Women’s Marches across the country, each one bringing a different kind of political tension and conflict to bear on the future of our country. I was not unhappy to see a couple of Antifa show up. I was unhappy to see BLM show up, because I thought they were both trying to organize and they were both exposed as being controlled by the same organization. And I think BLM, in particular, should be challenging the control of the narrative. I think it’s important to do that because we’re spending so much time, energy, and attention on the last election, and the next one is 2020. So it’s critical to challenge the status quo. I think it’s important to do that because, as I’ll be talking about, we don’t take Twitter for an answer on what our next steps should be. We take our democracy seriously at TWITTER.Culture Studies. I was wondering if you have any ideas of any young people who are interested in joining Greenpeace and want to grow their careers doing the work and being part of the solution.
Fo r our community, we have a pipeline of alumni that is very important. I think the leadership from the community has been tremendous. I think the job of any organizer is to reach across the aisle and connect with people. And I think that what we are most proud of at Greenpeace is that we have—because we have so few resources, we can spend whatever it takes—we have the ability to put an enormous amount of time and effort into ensuring that our members have a voice. I think the Climate Hustle initiative has provided us with an incredible platform on which to do that. And we are so proud of the leadership that comes from that. I think a lot of times people think that we’re naive, or we think that we’re naïve to think that we can just reach across the aisle and connect with people. I’m reminded again, again, that we are the largest economy in the history of humanity and that the number one issue for our government is climate change.Culture Studies workshop in Seattle. And so I was able to bring my eight year-old son and me, and a third person, and we did a really great job of all of the stakeholder engagement that is so critical to make these changes happen. And you can watch that training here. It’s called Children Matter.
So the training, the eight year-old boy, he’s the MC, and I think it’s important for us to have that leadership that is different than we have today. And I think it’s especially important in those challenging moments when we have like we’re both dealing with something that really touches us, and we have to share. So I have to be able to let go and let go of all these inhibitions and this is why today I want to talk about some of these challenges that we face as a community. Some of these issues that I see and I talk about with you today are challenges that I think most of us will face in any given moment. And some of these issues that I think most of us have some sort of acknowledgement of, we go to bed every night and we just don’t think about it.Culture Studies Program. Oh, that’s right. I’m one of the three or four scholars that works with dogs to come up with the dog act and the dog ownership piece of this book. And you can see that in the book, I talk about some of the research I’m involved in, some of the study I’m hoping to carry out, and some of the study I’m hoping to inspire other people to carry out. So this is the third time I’ve been involved in this book. This time, I decided to be a trier, and I was happy to accept the challenge. I’m a science geek. So I am very excited. And I’m thrilled to finally be able to share my story and connect with so many people.
Thank you. Alright.
I think one of the things that this book has that the TED Talk doesn’t allow you to talk about is the value of smell. So, you know, you talk about love, but you have no words.
I have just a few words.
Accomplice.
Okay.Culture Studies Association, in an email, wrote that, in their view, the new science of infant cognition, which is still in its infancy, shows promise in terms of developing interventions that are responsive to our changing needs. But they cautioned, however, that this work is particularly important given the history of vaccine hesitancy and our current knowledge of adverse childhood experiences. … I think our current conversation about vaccines and autism is an interesting example of the ways that our current knowledge of the impact of antibacterial and medicinal uses of antibacterial agents and toxins is constantly being updated by studies that investigate the long-standing controversy over the propriety or otherwise of childhood vaccination. The heated rhetoric that characterizes much of the anti-Vaccine movement of today is evidence of the ways that the movement is constantly shifting, even as we collectively continue to vaccinate our children. “Hands off our kids! Save our children!” “Oh, well, sure, but they’re not getting the vaccines they need!” “Oh, but they’re rich, lazy, or whatever.” “I don’t like it.