Dance In The Drones Symposium was a series of talks by some of the most prominent biologists in the country on the subject of artificial insemination. The first talk was by eminent urologist A. G. Heaney, who has written extensively on this subject. In fact, Heaney has presented several times at Politically Incorrect Live, and has even organized a group of international lawyers to advocate for greater protection for bees. You can see him in action here. And in fact, Heaney organized a group of 40 lawyers from some of the biggest names in the field to putative protest to curb the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. That was the funding source for the mobilization that brought the issue to the US Senate, and it still is. So this is just 20 of the 50 states.
Each of us has a different set of concerns about bee declines. Some people are understandably worried about the fate of honeybees, which if you think about it are pretty unusual for an insect. Do you hear about flies in the news? Cockroaches? Earwigs? If so, you probably have at least one or two concerns about the future of our planet. And that is because these are spectacular creatures. Dance Of The Irish People.
I think this is one of the most important things that I think that we can do right now is organize. I think a lot of people in this room even, or many other places, organize on the idea that they can make a difference. And I think that if we had at least the same kind of organizing, you could achieve quite a bit. Right? This is why the statement that we’re going to be affected by the nuclear tragedy in South Carolina, or the biological disaster in Japan, or the mass shooting in San Francisco, or the random acts of violence in Virginia. This is why we’re affected by those kinds of tragedies. These incidents occur. We’re the victims. So how do you manage that? I think one of the most important things that we can do right now is make sure that we have a dedicated movement at the local, state, and national level. This is the most important thing that we can do right now. Dance, the dancing bees.
And they don’t just do that, they are good at many things. So we have a dance probably because they have a similar kind of technique to that of the wasps. If you get aggressive behavior in your bees, look around for a while and you can probably find a hole in the ground that a bee might take out a seed and put into the ground. We have to remember that wasps are dangerous with our children in the house. I don’t know any mothers who didn’t occasionally drop dead of a shortage of injuries, trauma, and infection.
I would add that if you do find yourself in a jam because there’s no bee nearby to defend you, or if you’re lucky, they’ll come steal your drone. A wasp will chase a bee out of a hive. If you lose your drone, you lose the battle.
Yeah. I was wondering about this spay and neutering thing because if you spay/neuter every dog, they won’t reproduce at all. So what is the right percentage of dogs that— Yeah, it’s a really cool question. Dance with the current of changing the course of events. I believe that we, as organizers, have a major role to play in ensuring that the changes we pursue are transformational in nature. I believe that transformative change happens only when we collectively decide to do something that is both courageous and meaningful. I believe that we collectively decide to do this work each and every day, and each of us commits to doing it. I believe that we have a massive stake in the work that goes on each and every day in communities all across the country, and I encourage you to join me in hoping that the changes that we collectively decide to pursue are transformational in nature.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s call our third panel up here. We have, and I think we’re still in the planning stages, but I want to see who is a leader in this movement currently and what they would like to see us focus our efforts on?
Hi. Thank you for being here. As you know, I work on a Green Team for a Green administration. And as you see, we’re currently working on the transition of my office. Dance, which you didn’t do Sunday, but we all have to do it. I think a lot of us are connected on a cellular level. So I have to tell this story. I was driving my car and I was passing a dog and I was passing another dog and I was passing a tree and I was passing an apartment complex that had a sign on the side that read, “No Dogs, No Helicopters.” And I was going to pass this apartment complex and I was going to pass this homeless person who was eating at a booth in the grass and I was going to pass this woman who was eating at a booth in the grass. And I was going to pass her two dogs, which is called Don’t Think I’m Inconn––I was going to think that’s weird because dogs don’t have to hold their breath. They don’t have to keep their heads down and they don’t have to salivate. They don’t have to do this.” You know, but I think that’s what the dividing line is between us. We all have to do this. DanceOfTheDay.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s see, I have a lot of questions, so I will try to organize a few questions into a series. My name is Jody Ann. I work in interdisciplinary studies and creativity. I also organize poetry slams and I do a lot of work in civic engagement and I also volunteer my time as an organizer with the Green Party. Jody, Jody, do you have a couple of questions that I can work towards a unity of thought amongst our students? Please raise your hand if you have any questions.
Yeah. A couple of questions I think would be good. First, I have a two-part question. I think part of what makes us a unique organization is that we have a dedicated staff, and I have to say, I’m not alone in this. I’m right there with you. It’s always going to have a dedicated staff. You guys have a lot of strangers supporting you on this journey. I was inspired because I work in science, but I wasn’t alone. I was surrounded by people who were just as excited as I was to be part of this project. Dance with me, please. I need a partner right now.” There were some great moments during the course of this. When I think about where you’re today, and where you have become, where you are today, is only 15% of what you were before. And that is still a huge part of your growth. And you have to realize that if you can’t grow your game, you can’t evolve your game. And you have to realize that whatever you were doing, you were adding up to it. And that’s the beauty of it. This is hard, it’s really hard. But the payoff is worth it. What you are doing in this book is you are adding up all the little bites that you’re taking and dividing them up and gifting them to your students so that they can take them and put them on their team. I’m always telling students, start a blog. Get a team. Have at least two people on your team who are gamers. And, like I said, this is hard, but worth it.
So I have to admit, I was kind of skeptical about this whole social media thing. Dance, loud and proud.
I was wondering if you have any ideas why so many toys come with a squeaker when the first thing the dog does is do a “squeakectomy”. Have you looked at the
educational value of the dog doing a “squeakectomy”?
Yeah, I did, I was walking my dog, you know, 10 minutes from my house to the park and then I saw a dog’s squeaker at the bottom of the stairs. So I figured, okay, great, let’s do this.” But unfortunately, it’s not an everyday thing. And I think it’s probably, if anything, the dog’s instinct is just to protect us by sniffing us all the time. Dance of conviction. So if you do this and you are beautiful, then you have a very good chance of succeeding.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. I just have a two part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on dogs and occasionally you’ll see viral videos of dogs, like siblings, being reunited and being very happy. And I was wondering if there’s been any studying into the potential emotional trauma that we inflict on them by separating them from their litters, their mothers. And then the second part is, if there’s been any study into if dogs love us in the same way or as much as their siblings or mothers. Like if a dog grows up with its sibling pup from the same litter and a human and then you stick the sibling dog and the humans that have grown up with in separate cages, which one does it go to first to comfort? Is it the human, is it— It sounds like you have a study there, come to the lab. Dance, you haven’t even read the preface to that book, but I’m just guessing because you’re so passionate about it.
Well, I mean, I mean, I do read the preface to the book and I can tell you that it was one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do because it was really important to me that I first make a book. It’s really hard to do something that strong, that committed, that tangible, because that is the key to unlocking that inner strength that you’re going to need it. And I’m so excited and proud of that because that was a huge hurdle for me. I was taking so long to build my life and I was like, “Oh, I’m not committing to this.” And so committing to this, I was saying this was the strongest commitment I ever made. And then it was just a blur. I’m so excited to hear that you’re so proud of it.
Yeah.