Education did not produce a single science professional who was Black. Black scientists made up almost 60% of the total workforce, Black engineers over 60% of the total workforce, and Black students over 60% of the total student body. The impact of this diversity is felt throughout the system, whether it’s in the science profession, the way that we think of ourselves as Black and then change our minds, or the way that we act when we realize that our voices aren’t being heard. And sometimes that means breaking up teams, but often times it means creating entirely new ones. I know a lot of you are busy, busy working, thinking of your families, thinking of your kids, thinking of your grandkids. I’m busy trying to raise my kids, you know, I’m not having any of that happen. Right?’ Because I get it. You’re tired. Sorry.
That’s the thing I was talking about the media and Twitter. I feel like you have a lot of influence, you have a lot of people who matter, and you let them have that. You let them have that voice.Education and he’s here now to talk about that. He’s been a leader in PSR for more than 40 years, including serving on the national board and the local president. As a founding member of the Spokane PSR, he was party to the Freedom of Information Act request that forced the Department of Energy to release documents that first revealed the massive contamination from the Hanford nuclear reservation. He worked with Russian physicians in the 1990s to form the Hanford-Chelyabinsk Movement to support their heroic efforts to leverage the government of thesto disclose the massive contamination from their complex at Mayak. And he was also one of the four principal investigators on the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center’s Hanford Thyroid Disease Study. So, a remarkable career. And he has provided amazing leadership in our local PSR and on our Nuclear Task Force. Thank you, Bruce.
By way of backgrounds, just to review how we got here. This was conceived as an event to create an opportunity for education and dialogue between the community that is represented here today, the various parties that have had stake in this game now and in the future between them and our elected officials.Education of white America. I think white women have a lot to do. I think they have a lot to do. I think it’s time for us to stop. It’s time for us to stop pandering. It’s time for us to stop playing. It’s time for us to start playing. And I think white men have a really important part to play in that. I think white men have a unique responsibility in that we are the engine that drives this society. And we are the ones that will ultimately decide what happens to these issues. And I think a lot of times, men take a back seat to women in many ways. Right? You’re the one who’s leading. You’re the one that gives the word, “you are the change we need” to get across. So I think it’s time for us to stop pandering to the feminist end of the spectrum and start to reach across the aisle. And I think that’s going to mean reaching out to people across the aisle, starting with individual stories. Starting with the stories of women, of immigrants, of people of color, and really connecting with them.Education was created in the wake of World War II to deal with what the New York Times described as the U.S. marshaling its nuclear arsenal dangerously. Today, two nuclear arsenals are larger than the entire Soviet Union combined. The United States has approximately 760 nuclear weapons that are operational and under construction. Russia has approximately 620.
Each of these combatants possesses two nuclear weapons. If these figures sound familiar, that’s because they are identical for every single nuclear weapon that the United States maintains. Today we’re going to look at the United States Air Force weapons system and how they are organized into three distinct groups. We’re also going to look at how they are affected by things like cold temperatures, moisture, and pressure. So if you look at those groups, you will notice that unlike the nuclear arsenals of the former Cold War enemies that are now mostly retired, the Air Force maintains a sizable nuclear arsenal.
So this is the home of the nuclear weapon manufacturing facility at Kadena Air Base in Japan.Education officer at the University of Washington and is the Youth Coordinator and a founding member along with his father, retired Army Lt. Col. David Kona Anitok, of the Pend Oreille Citizens for Peace and Justice. He also serves as a consultant to the Pend Oreille Citizens for Peace and Justice and was National President of the Portland Martyrs for Peace and Justice. So, a remarkable career. And he has provided leadership to a number of organizations working in solidarity with the Marshall Islands and other nuclear nations of the Pacific Rim. He was National President of the Spokane Tribe and has served as a consultant to the Spokane Tribe and the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission. He was also the National President of the Hanford Challenge, which works to protect Hanford and other nuclear sites around the country. As a founding member and a founding member of the Spokane Tribe, he was also the National President of the Spokane Tribe for Nuclear Safety, which organizes volunteers to support the nuclear community at Hanford. So, a remarkable career. And he has provided leadership to a number of organizations working in solidarity with the Marshall Islands and other nuclear nations of the Pacific Rim.Education, more efficient use of resources, economic empowerment, social uplift, consolidating power, and protecting the basic human right of all its members to life, liberty, and security of tenure. We acknowledge the significant contributions of black scientists and scholars to the movement for Black Lives, especially considering the disproportionate uptake of the racialized approaches that have been tried in the past. We also acknowledge the significant challenges that confrontations pose for students of color trying to enter the movement and to gain access to the knowledge and tools that go along with collective action. So this book is intended to provide a framework for students of color to engage with scholars of color and to provide a space for them to have their say. And in that space, the space is inevitably infiltrated by a host of issues, including but not limited to, students of color, immigrant communities, Palestine solidarity, radical feminism, trans & queer issues, everyday oppression, and more. And it is my hope that this book will provide a space for students of color to have their say and also allow for a discussion of some of these issues that are brought up repeatedly in this book. So this book will likely contain topics that are controversial, controversial ideas within the movement.Education communities, but that the work isn’t yet done. I’m hoping to hear more about that.
Certainly. And I would like to thank you again to join me here tonight. I had the great fortune to spend last weekend in Hawaii with my wife and two daughters. I’m flying back here tomorrow morning from L.A. and am excited to finally be back in this room. It’s been a long time coming.
Last night I was happy to finally get on stage and talk about some of the issues that matter to me. And I can’t wait to hear from you tonight. First off, I want to start things off by talking about my personal connection to the movement. I’ve long been involved in social movements, having been in politics from the beginning as a Nullification Expert and then as a Resistant Organizer. I’ve been involved in a lot of things, from the local level up, at the state and national level. I have been involved in a number of United For Peace & Justice, as well, working on issues of racial justice, militarism and other issues related to the militarism that is currently being produced in this country.Education, but a huge asset is his work ethic. He’s got this and this and this and this and this, it’s worth it to not have a high school diploma. He’s got to work every day. He’s got to build this really complex human being. A lot of people don’t have this. And I think if you had the ability to work every day and created the foundation that you have now, you wouldn’t have to worry about a college education. You wouldn’t have to worry about finding a job and getting on your dream. You wouldn’t have to worry about finding a job and getting on your dream. You wouldn’t have to worry about whether or not you’re going to have a child. You wouldn’t have to worry about that. You wouldn’t have to worry about whether you’re going to have enough money to buy a house or you’re going to have enough money to buy a car. You wouldn’t have to worry about food or you wouldn’t have to worry about water. You wouldn’t have to worry about anything like that.Education, but you might have other things that are contributing to that. Like a leadership vacuum that could be filled by someone who has the right skills and temperament for the job. So leadership is a tricky subject because there’s so much misinformation out there. And part of what makes it tricky is that there’s no single, reliable, effective method to measure up. Someone like you, who takes your beliefs, your experiences, and brings them into the real world, there’s a problem. And if you don’t have the facts, you can’t communicate. And if you don’t have the conversation, you can’t solve the problem. So we have to all of us have these conversations. And you have to have the backbone, the mental fortitude, to be able to recognize when we’re being manipulated and to be able to change the circumstances around us so that we are no longer subject to that.
I have two questions. The first is talking about trauma, because we have a hard time understanding or understanding the difference between being traumatized and not.Education could go back to school to learn the history behind what our government is doing right now and what we should do differently. I think most of us have at some point in our life been lured into a system of government, where the outcomes are predictable and easy to measure. The failures of that system are often invisible to us. They are systems that we collectively fall victim to, and collectively manage the failures of that system. I have to personally attest to that, because I was swimming in it too. I was swept up in the currents of it, and it was too much for me to handle at the time. And I struggled with it, and I’m personally committed to being a gatekeeper to that failure. I don’t want any other person of color to struggle with the same gatekeeper issues. That is my challenge. And you’re welcome to join me in that.
I wrote it down.