Family and Parenting.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. I just have a two part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on dogs and occasionally you’ll see viral videos of dogs, like siblings, being reunited and being very happy. And I was wondering if there’s been any studying into the potential emotional trauma that we inflict on them by separating them from their litters, their mothers. And then the second part is, if there’s been any study into if dogs love us in the same way or as much as their siblings or mothers. Like if a dog grows up with its sibling pup from the same litter and a human and then you stick the sibling dog and the humans that have grown up with in separate cages, which one does it go to first to comfort? Is it the human, is it— It sounds like you have a study there, come to the lab. So to the first point, which was now, because I got so involved in your second question, just give me a minute.Family and Parenting. I think a lot of us have been exposed to childhood adversity. I think a lot of us are exposed in the fact that our justice system fails miserably. And countless others are exposed in the fact that they do what they do based on the color of our skin. And we collectively hold the answers to this task at arm's length. I believe that we can devise better answers, but we have to do it in the context of having those conversations. And that means first identifying where our questions are rooted; we can’t just throw them out and we have to reciprocate. And we have to also be clear in our messaging as well, so we don’t end up looking like we’re asking for a revolution. We’re asking for a change of scenery. A change of scenery that includes conversations about food, a change of scenery that includes conversations about housing, a change of scenery that includes topics around healthcare, a change of scenery that includes topics around education.Family and Parenting Forum. She’s a consultant on adoption and the founder of the Adopt-A-Thon, which organizes adoptions in underserved areas of Seattle. She also serves as a board member of the Seattle Children’s Alliance and the King County Executive Chair of the Puget Sound Conservation and Recovery Initiative. She’s a founding member along with her husband, Rob, of the Spokane Tribe and the Hawkeye Initiative. Together, they serve on the Spokane Tribal Nations Task Force and the steering committee of the Washington Legacy Institute. She also volunteers her time anonymously with the American Red Cross to support earthquake victims and rebuild their communities. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le and just move down and you each get to talk three minutes or so. And then we’ll interact a bit before we open it up.
Again, thank you for having us this afternoon.Family and Parenting guides from working with kids and finding systems that are sustainable and systems that are equitable.
I have to do the same thing all the time. I have to make sure that my organization is in a position to provide leadership to other organizations that are in a similar position to mine. And I also have to do this work without any compensation. Right? Because I get no compensation for doing the work I do.
So, in that vein, I have a two-part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the challenges and struggles you and your wife and your two daughters have faced on this journey of being transgender and being authentic to your family and being true to yourself. And I think part of that challenge is coping with the fact that this is a free ride for you to get to this moment. And you have to do it in a way that you can control the flow of information. And you said on the book that this is the most humbling thing. You said, “For every challenge I faced, there was an action plan.Family and Parenting Forum at The Ohio State University. She and her husband, Rick, who is a retired teacher and has been organizing social movements in schools, are the Youth Coordinator and a founding member along with his wife, Sandy, of the Columbus, Ohio chapter of the National Organization for Women. Working with young people to make change happen.
Ye ah. There’s a lot of talk. So, I was wondering, you ’ve talked a lot about the importance of pediatricians and other doctors who work with kids doing universal screening, starting at birth. And I wonder if you could share your thoughts a little bit on including and expanding preventative services to include folks like obstetricians to screen new mothers and talk about their lived experiences and really addressing this intergenerational transmission of trauma.
Am en, my sister. So there is a really interesting study happening in Sweden at the moment that’s bringing together experts in this field to discuss some of the challenges that they’re facing. And one of the issues that they’re facing is simply that there aren’t that many doctors that can be trained to see this material.Family and Parenting Forum. So thank you to those who made that possible.
I’d also like to ask, did you hear that the Department of Energy this week sent a letter to teachers, expressed interest in your work and said they would consider your suggestions on new curriculum. And so, you know, if you hadn’t heard that, you weren’t getting the memo that was supposed to come out yesterday. So I was wondering whether you had time to read this or if you had something you wanted to talk about.
Yeah. I thought it was great. I think the point I made earlier about students of color is something that’s lost right now, you know, on the canceled classes thing. I wanted to ask you, you know, after yesterday, you went a little bit of time this weekend to help celebrate the life of A.J. Salinger, you went to the Meredith’s Center yesterday, you went to the home of a friend who’s battling brain cancer. And so this is your shared struggle. And I think it’s lost and I’m just curious how you feel about it.
I mean, I think it’s absolutely astonishing.Family and Parenting Forum was launched in collaboration with the National Organization for Women, City Hall, and others to improve the quality of care for our nation’s homeless and chronically ill. Through these investments in our infrastructure, we are ensuring that we are meeting the basic needs of our aging population. I applaud the leaders of City Hall for stepping up and investing in this initiative. It is critical that we ensure that our Nation reaches out to communities to ensure that our resources are put to better use for the health of our Nation and our families.
I would like to thank Carly Brook, the Nuclear Weapons Task Force staff person at PSR for her vision and leadership in moving this movement. You can see part of her remarks at the end of this chapter. So Carly, thank you.
I want to now switch to the Organizing Activity portion of this chapter. And I know you probably noticed that there’s a lot going on with that chapter. It has the feel of a thriller, doesn’t it?
I know, it’s a great question.Family and Parenting magazine, best of the best, is a crack team of nearly two dozen parenting magazines including, but not limited to, Are You Sleeping? Here’s one of those! They have a panel that interviews experts in the field and you can’t miss them on that panel! Alyssa Crittenden is a researcher at the Center for Youth Wellness, a San Francisco–based youth wellness organization. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you for being here Alyssa.
Alright. So the panel is back, and this time it’s our turn. This was our friendly reminder to you that you have a $3 billion budget and you have a bunch of bad ideas about how to spend it. And we’re just curious. You’ve said a few things in this book about how you collect and analyze data. And I’m curious, how you organize that data and create the pipelines that bring that data to bear on those ideas. So I was wondering if you have any ideas about what I’m hearing you say and I was inspired to do this at the end of the book.
Yes, thank you for that.Family and Parenting Forum. You’re our newest member. Alright, thank you to our first panel. Yay. I noticed one of those questions came from one of my students. Yay. So glad you’re here. Alright. Thank you, panel. Let’s have the next panel come up. This will be Phoenix Johnson. Phoenix is a Seattle born and first people indigenous person to the Pacific Northwest of the Tlingit and Haida Nation. Phoenix is an Air Combat Air Force veteran and has managed a suicide prevention program for the Army National Guard. Phoenix attended Portland State University for pre-med Public Health and Psychology. And they serve as President of the Seattle Veterans for Peace, a really important long-standing organization. And they also serve as King County’ssVeterans and Armed Services Chair. So two big jobs. They work as a consultant on issues of racial equity, militarism and indigenous relations. Thank you for being here.
Dr. Tsukasa Namekata is a retired Research Scientist and Director of the Pacific Rim Disease Prevention Center.Family and Parenting – Never Forget.
And that is the most powerful thing you can do in order to help is to understand the Power of Continuance. One of the most enduring legacies of racism is the fact that we persist in making the same mistakes over and over and over again. The fact that we have to go back to the woodshed and talk about it. The fact that we have to remind ourselves that we did not make this decision lightly. We have to remind ourselves that we are responsible for creating this environment and that we have a stake in changing that. And we have to find a way to find a way to work through that and begin to restore the integrity of the forest.
Thank you. Alright. So the first big question is, you mentioned both thewoodsy and noir, which is there a preference for the darker woods? Because I can see Blackbuck and his crew going into the forest with the pneumatic saws, and the black beavers come out with the pneumatic shears.
Yeah, that’s a great question. I think black bumblebees are the closest thing to a real bee because they have those same pneumatic saws.