Fiction’s greatest strength and my number one fear is writing books. And that means you have to have the balls to realize that you have no control over what people think about you afterwards. And that a lot of times, it’s because you don’t hold the same amount of control over what people think about you that you did when you wrote the book. Right? You have total control. And so I have to say, it’s probably the tightest love I’ve ever felt. It’s probably the most enduring.
Thank you.
I’ve got a couple more questions. I was wondering if you have any thoughts on dogs and language, particularly because you have such a big presence in the dog world and have made a career out of it.
Yeah. I made a joke when I got on stage about a dog and the action figure I’m playing with. It’s a Trek Bicycle [laughter]. It’s the newest addition to the family.
So they’re like, “Trek!” You know, what’s she doing? [Laughter].Fiction has a long and storied history in the history of our country. It is, as I have said many times, a story of resistance and resistance achieved when the odds were very much against us. And they persist in those margins, those margins are what keep the flame alive and well into the future. Just this past weekend, we learned that the Trump administration would like to see us accept that our government will not coerce us into giving up our guns. I think one of the most insidious things that Trump has done in office is he’s used the FSAs as an opportunity to promote an extremely dangerous idea. This is the person who wrote the infamous Muslim Ban Muslim immigration to stop terror alerts from going off in our country. And that is the person who has now used the FSAs to promote a ban on all Muslims. So this is the person who clearly has a conflict of interest because we have a conflict of interest when we have a Muslim Ban. And we have a disagreement about what should happen if Congress doesn’t act. So we have a disagreement about what should happen if Sharia law doesn’t work in this country.Fiction Vibrant Communities Networking for Youth Inc. is an amazing work that they’re doing with all of their members across the community, whether it’s providing coding and web standards for schools, or creating educational environments that are safe, nurturing, and responsive to multiple modalities of trauma. And I am so honored and excited to be here with you tonight.
I’m Taylor Branch. I am the National Coordinator for Berserk, a volunteer based organization based here in Seattle. I have a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. I serve as President of the Seattle Latino Alliance and the King County’ssBlack Alliance. King County has been named the most violent county in the nation by a reputable think tank. In fact, King County has the highest number of reported police brutality in the unionized workforce.
So this is the Seattle Latino Alliance, a huge, huge presence at these protests. And, you know, we’re working to transform them from, you know, protest volunteers into organized labor. So that’s a huge challenge.Fiction. We have to continue to push for these books to be read as historical documents and in the sense that they’re talking about the actual people who were there fighting for this. I talk about this in the book, but you have to also be a historian of science, because you can’t just make up stories. You have to present evidence, and present that you’re bringing up issues that you have to be able to present in a historical context. And I think that’s what we had to do. I think we had to present a high level of evidence that said, ‘This is who these people are,’ in that these are the issues that they faced. And we had to present that we were bringing these people up as human beings, as people, not just fighting against the backdrop of slavery and oppression. And so that was a difficult thing to do. And I think it’s something that I struggled with constantly.Fiction. So the first volume of Your Name was published in 2013. So it’s a true biography of you. It was very well received and it still is to some extent. But you’re also writing a third volume, which is subtler, which is subtler on the history of racism and more focused on writing with non-white women. And that, of course, is conscious choice. That’s a difficult thing to do. I think sometimes writers—especially writers of color—make the first move, and then find it really challenging to navigate the stigmas that often surround it. You talk about writing with non-white women, for example, when you were talking about Chauncey DeVega, you were talking about all the men in this room. And you were talking about all the white women here too. And you were talking about, of course, that you have to be sensitive, but you also have to be able to navigate these stigmas that come your way. And I think it’s really important to do that. And I think it’s really important to do it in a way that you can actually reach people and show them humanity.Fiction was the first human achievement going into space, and you guys are still there. So you have your work cut out for you, you human being. But you've also got to have the fortitude to realize that your work is not for nothing. That it’s worth it. And I think you have to have the fortitude to keep doing it because nobody can keep doing it. You know, it’s worth it, you signed up for, you deserve to sign up for, you are the youngest person to ever set foot on a rocket ship. So don’t feel like you’re the only one who has to do that. I think every single person in this room, every single person is contributing to this work. And I think it’s really important that we make this a really equitable gathering as far as the history of this earth is concerned. And there’s a lot of work that has to be done. But I think I have a pretty good idea how we’re going to do it. Hey, we’re going to talk about some of these myths about women in science and technology.Fiction. This is the fourth edition of this series. I think we have a consensus on at least one other subject, and that we have to reach across the aisle and try to reach across the aisle in a productive way. So this is the second attempt at a leadership development roundtable. This time, I bring up race and I bring up conversations. And we had a really interesting exchange, because I recognized that you were the only person of color I had ever had a conversation with my husband about the book and I felt like if you were not the only person of color, there’s something wrong with this room. And so I was like, “Okay, okay. Ijeoma, you bring up race, but I want to talk about books. I want you to be the voice of someone who is being silenced by this.” And you were like, “Okay. Ijeoma, do you want to talk first?” And so I did.Fiction. I grew up in a small town in Indiana. My grandparents are from here and they still live here and they still have a lot of stories. My mother is a social worker. She worked at the Health Department as a team leader and she passed away at age 65 with this illness. She was a mother to four and a half years of marriage and that was her one real chance at a real relationship. And that was it. She got tired. She got old. And so for me, as I got older, I started to realize that if a man couldn’t get laid or didn’t have sex, then he couldn’t be a man. You know, that’s just a crazy contradiction. So I was finding out that a lot of these guys, when they’re finding out that they’re HIV positive, they already have taken their medicine. They already have a house. They already have kids. They already have everything you could possibly imagine. And so for me, it was like, I don’t want to be that guy.Fiction shall not be legal tender in the State of Washington. Any attempts shall be made to contact and dissuade the local law enforcement officials from any such attempt at debasement of the currency or note in any international financial institution. We demand that all such efforts be accompanied by a complete rejection of all forms of white supremacy and white privilege, both real and perceived. We call upon our readers to do all in their power to ensure that this happens, both for our own unity and that of our fellow humans.
Together, we can ensure that this happens. Together, we can ensure that white people have been complicit in white people’s oppression of African Americans and that we are ensuring that this report never sees the light of day. We call upon readers to join us in this fight, both for our own unity and that of our fellow humans.
Together, we can ensure that this happens. Together, we can ensure that white people have been complicit in white people’s oppression of African Americans and that we are ensuring that this report never sees the light of day.Fiction, often times with the threat of physical or emotional abuse. In one study, participants were randomly assigned to one of the following groups. They were also provided with a monetary incentive for completing the intervention. Finally, they were presented with a video of each participant and followed through a series of questions regarding their perceptions of that participant. For the video, they were presented with a black and white screen and asked to rate the participant on a four-point Likert scale from 0 (not at all helpful) to 4 (extremely helpful). You can see the intervention group at the beginning of the video. That’s the one with the lower value of the stick. That’s because this is a pretty common form of infantilization. It’s also when we find ourselves in situations that are not fully knowable or quantifiable. Like we described with chimpanzees, where we have to rely on intuition to understand what others are feeling.
Now, you might say, well, of course we’re going to look for correlations between these things. It would make for a great slide show. Well, you’re absolutely right. We are going to look for those kinds of things.