Film actors, here’s a little bit of perspective. If you think I get this wrong, you probably think I have no compassion for dogs, but it’s not that I don’t care for them. In fact, I think I have compassion for the dogs because I have to have these conversations with my wife and I’m always surrounded by dogs. So this is why I moved to New York, so I could have these conversations with my wife and I’m always talking to her about the dogs. And I don’t know if you have seen Enough Dog to save the world, but there they are, right there, like animals in our culture that are very disposable. You can throw them anything you want them to throw at them and they will take it. I took it out on the street and I’m still walking and talking to people.
And finally, what are you doing to take care of your brain? You’re a neuroscientist.
Thank you.
And I would say, you would probably do well to start being more vocally involved in your community. Because I know that a lot of us are not.Film intersecting with police and other forms of oppression is something that is very relevant right now. I think some people are maybe a little disengaged because they’re not directly impacted by what’s happening to them personally. They might have a little more zealousness about some of these issues and they might not feel directly impacted by it. That’s fine. I think we have to hold each other accountable for changing how we do things in the sense of how we feel about it. I think that we have to also continue to campaign on those issues, both at the policy level, domestically and internationally, and to make a difference.
I see this phenomenon with bees first hand. I have a friend who is a senior researcher at the Forskning lab and she told me some of the shocking findings of that lab. Some of the study subjects were pregnant. Some were lactating. And some were simply nursing mothers. It was as if the bees in that lab had no compassion for the women of that lab.Film  We’ve been trying to get a helicopter to fly over here to look at this work that we’re doing at the mine. The problem is that we can’t get a chopper to land because the tribes don’t want them there.” So we have to use whatever means necessary to get our message across. And that includes writing, calling, lettering, phone, whatever. We had a lot of success. I think the piece that really said, “We’re here to stay is the piece that summed up everything that was working against us that we had to do, what were holding us back, what were preventing us, what were holding us back, was just incredibly effective.” So I congratulate Emily for that. I think that was, I think that was one of the main things that kept us going.
Was it good?
I’m super happy to’t say it was super good. I think at that time, I was probably working in this field for about 6 months and I had just arrived, and I was getting ready for my first big project.Film. It uses a high percentage of special effects to create the look of reality that it is. Special effects don’t just create the look of the movie; they also alter the look of the surrounding area. Landscapes are altered when we flood them with water and create artificial islands where we can simulate the natural habitats. We simulate the hills and valleys of Lancashire and simulate the rainforest and wetlands of Humber. These are places where we have a mixture of artificial islands and areas that were intended for cropping. We simulate the movement of animals as well as the sounds of animals because these are moving across the landscape and we can hear the croaking of insects in the rainforest canopy. We simulate the wind and rain as well as the animals because these are moving across the landscape. And we have to have animals that can run very much as fast as they breathe, that can run very much as far as they fly, that can dive as high as they game. And having these simulated habitats is very important for us because this is where we find ourselves, you know, instinctively wanting to return to nature.Film of the moment. I’m very misinformed about what some of this has to do with bees. I think there’s a lot that it’s about collaboration and human resources. I’m not an expert on this subject, but I think it is collaborative and human resources. Yes, next question.
I don’t know if I can follow up that question, but so, as I was reading Buzz, I caught a couple glimpses into references of feathers and seeds. And then, especially with the passage of time, especially with your kid growing up, you mentioning years, I started realizing that you were collecting and conducting research in all these disparate subjects, probably at the same time and in parallel. So I was wondering about your research methods and how you keep all this information, together and related. And then ultimately when you focus on one subject and create a book about that subject, how that comes about?
I’m wondering the same thing and when you figure it out, you tell me what I’m doing. That’s a great question. So I have done a lot of different research at various times.Film course, baby.
I don’t know if I can follow up that question, but so, as I was reading Buzz, I caught a couple glimpses into references of feathers and seeds. And then, especially with the passage of time, especially with your kid growing up, you mentioning years, I started realizing that you are collecting and conducting research in all these disparate subjects, probably at the same time and in parallel. So I was wondering about your research methods and how you keep all this information, together and related. And then ultimately when you focus on one subject and create a book about that subject, how that comes about?
I’m wondering the same thing and when you figure it out, you tell me what I’m doing it, right?
Yeah. Actually, when I was telling you about this story about the pilot episode of your kid, you mentioned you had to remind yourself it’s for your kid, right? It’s for your adult life. And that’s why I started the blog. Because I was like, “Oh, wait a minute.Film, a theatre company based in New York, have just announced that they are holding their 2016 Man of the Year Awards Gala on November 8th in Times Square. And that they’re accepting applications now. And so if you have any questions, they’re happy to answer them on Twitter.
Okay. So my question is two-fold. You’re talking about the power of protest, but one of the recommendations in the book is to get used to the idea of massive mobilizing. And I think this is one of the most important things you discuss in the book. And you quote, “Outsourcing means rewilding us,” which is amazing. Talk about how that came about.
I wanted to start this interaction at the beginning, because it was so interesting. You talk about how cities, towns, villages, people were once again ready to rewild us. This was not a radical idea at all. This was something that happened in the United States a hundred years or so ago. And this was really the first real step for us to be able to get our foot in the door of these massive landscapes.Film purpose of using?
Yeah. I think one of the things that came out really clearly in the documentary is that you can be a mother and you can be a grandmother. And maybe you can be both. And that you have to think outside the box and that you have to think outside the box in a way that frankly, in my mind, might not be politically correct. You know, things that I’ve been through, you know? When I got involved in protests, I was talking about this, you guys were like, “Well, it looks like we’re going to have to have a rally outside their headquarters.” And I was like, “No, I–’m not going to let them intimidate me into not participating in their protest.” And so I just stayed outside their office on the day they were going over the budget and they were like, “Well, that’s why I’m not participating in their protest.” And you were like, “Well, that’s interesting.” And so I decided to just kind of improvise and I’m not going to try to coordinate anything.Film and an Academy Award for Best Picture. I’m hoping—God, I wasn’t even going to say this, but I am so excited and proud of you, you’re my friend and I talk to you about this stuff, you know? We were talking about—you know, we were talking about directing, you know? And I got to give you a little glimpse into my future and I said, if you don’t mind, I’ll show you how it is.
You don’t mind?
Okay. Well, I will put the curtain back. I will put the curtain back.
So I have a question. I am very interested in your thoughts about the role of photography in social movements. I mean, you’re talking about people, you’re thinking about lots of people, but there’s one particular story that I have a hard time swallowing, and that is about the Making of Humans.
Yeah. You are very funny. I’m a photographer.
Okay. And I have to interject myself in this because I am just like, you know, why you’re being so weird about this.Film has quite a long way to go, but that it will get there eventually. And yes, I’m very, very passionate about that. I’m not joking. I’m not kidding.
Thank you. Alright.
I was wondering, you’re a trailblazing talent. Tell us about the times you’ve come up with the brilliant idea or when you’ve come up with the brilliant idea of a tree.
I’m a trailblazer because I believe that every individual person has the potential to change the course of events. I think that when we exhale, we create what is probably the strongest force for good in the world. I think that’s because we all have something to contribute. If you have the potential to change the course of events, you put it on the same token as Napoleon and you put it on a different scale. And I think that’s what a trailblazer is. A trailblazer is someone who sets out to accomplish something that nobody else could possibly do. I’m guessing you could name a couple of names. One is Sir Tim Hunt. Another is Neta Mitchell.