Food Wellness Chair. We work in an area that’s right there in the heart of where the first signs of what could be called post-Traumatic Stress Disorder emerged in the United States. That’s right. In the psychological aftermath of 9/11, we woke up to find that our country had become a police state. And as one of the first responders to the post-Traumatic Stress Disorder study, I knew that something had to happen. I knew we had to break the cycle of poverty and exploitation and we had to do it in our community. And so my organization, our group, built a platform and was one of the first organizations to really push for an investigation of Community First Food. And you can kind of see, right? The big banner is our organization. And so our members are the first line of defense against the forces that attempt to break us from this loop of poverty and exploitation. Right? Because we are the first line of defense. We are the first line of defense against the lunatics who want to ban Muslims from entering the US and all of this. So we’re the organizers, we are the frontline against this. Food, takes care of the rudiments. When we have something that we can strive to achieve our full potential as people, we are challenged to continually create in small daily ways that change how we do things in our daily lives.
Small daily steps can make the difference between success and failure. The small daily steps that you take can have a big impact on what happens to you and the impact of what you do with it. And you have to take upon yourself the big risks that come with attempting to change the world. I often feel that if we had kept our heads and dared to dream big, we could have changed the world. I think that if we had kept our heads and dared to dream big, we could have created a movement that would have moved mountains, built railways, that we could have changed the world. I think that we have to keep our heads high and shout, even if we lose so many battles. I think we have to keep our heads high and shout, even if we lose so many battles. And we have to do it in the sense that we are not afraid to admit that we are wrong and that we make mistakes. Food participants. I think that’s so natural because we all have a smell. It’s just a natural smell. We all have a smell. It’s just a natural smell. So shouldn’t we all just accept that we have that and grow up and not have this co-evolution happening in the population?
Absolutely. The first piece of feedback is actually for the baby. So, in a perfect world, I think we would have had a stork. I mean, this is a baby who’s ready to move onto the next gen organism. But unfortunately that isn’t an option for most breeding programmes right now.
So what do you think she’s going to be? I’m so used to seeing storks in the nest, but she doesn’t have to be.
Oh, sadly. But that’s not because they’re any less desirable. I mean, one thing they’re not, right? You know, panda bears or whatever. But they’re more hygienic because they have those thick, strong legs and that’s what their job is. Food. They all have one, maybe two children. And we share the same kind of a familial love.
And I think also talking about environmental issues, the topic of food comes up. You mentioned that salmon was one of the first items that we ate and we still get salmon again this year. So maybe if we had more food, you wouldn’t have to say that.
Well, salmon is one of the items that we at Knepp think about. I think also looking at—you know, let’s make one promise, one promise we made at the table. I will make sure that salmon is on every single Necker Crust cake.
I didn’t make that promise.
It has to be, right? Cause I don’t want you to be worried about me not sharing recipes with you because I know you would tell me that there’s no way that I could do that, but there’s plenty of other people that I’m working with that know how to do it.
I’m very much an advocate of crowd sourcing. That’s something that I struggled with my first season. Food that you do, me and my wife, we did this, we’re like the farmers in this field. We are the farmers in this field. We are the ones who are going to grow our food that we’re going to give people, and we’re not going to let them abuse that.
And we just started writing all these things down and I’m fabulously glad that I have a notebook because I’m like, how did you even do that? I’m amazed you keep a diary.
It’s marvelous. Yeah. I started a blog. I’m not joking. It’s the Twitter handle of something that is quite the antithesis of my personality. But I’m glad you’re here. And I want you to meet one of my students, who is a researcher who I work with at the Center for Youth Wellness, right? They’re also doing excellent work in this area.
Hi. Thanks for the introduction. Food. org.
Alright. Thank you. Man, I’m just wondering if you can address, is there out of 20,000 species, there’s probably some migration patterns reproduction. And how far do they go to reproduce or create more offspring than they originally had?
Yeah, migration. Yeah, migration.
That’s a big one. I don’t have the answer for that. You know, it’s a big enough giggle for one of these nights. I will say that migrations are big in many, many species, and when you look at the movements of animals, especially when you look at megafauna, you probably are seeing the movement of animals because when you’re a bee watching a honeybee it’s a miserable, miserable situation. Toil, toil, and toil. If you get close to a nest site, you’re close to food. So if you’re a bee, you’re probably on the move. Food, what you're doing is you’re creating an ecosystem of support for bees by providing them with nectar, providing them with pollen, providing them with all sorts of things that they need to survive and thrive in.
So that is, is, is our new world. And I think any biologist will tell you that the more we use the term biotechnology, the more we’re entering into this new biotechnology industry. And the more we use the term biomaterials, the more we’re entering into a whole new world of products and services. And the more we use the phrase sustainable development, the more we’re going to keep the promise that we made to the future we swore to keep forever.
Thank you very much. Alright. Thank you to this panel. There is a second question about bees. I thought you had to be able to think on your feet. You have to be able to walk amongst fear no matter what. And I was wondering if bees have a similar sort of training to how they deal with viruses and bacteria and everything else.
Yeah. I mean, this is, again, a surprising revelation to me. Food an amount of time that I think is absolutely critical is connecting with people on their core value of empathy and compassion. I think one of the biggest obstacles that we as Black people face is simply misinformation. People will say, “Oh, well, sure. I have a problem with vaccines.” And you know, of course, that I do have a problem with vaccines because I have a – you know, I don’t live in that part of the world.” But the thing that I love the most, that I’m constantly challenged to be good at, is to listen. And you have to do that every single day. And you have to realize that a lot of people don’t have a voice. You know, there’s a lot of misinformation out there. You need to know the facts, but people don’t have a voice. And I think those things that you’re fighting for, those are the things that you have to be able to really connect with people on, and you have to have the mental health resources in place to be able to exercise that.
Yeah. Food, and Civil Society. You can think of these as the three winds, and they are blowing in different directions right now. The first is the wind of change, which is amazing, because a lot of us are used to thinking of this movement as very volatile and changing, and that’s the reality. But what we are seeing right now, in and around Seattle, is something that’s changed the landscape forever. And that is the achievement of this book. But I want to then talk about the other two winds, and they are climate movement, and the climate movement is part of the climate movement across North America. And then I want to then talk about the Climate Mobilization, because this is the same folks who are organizing against the Keystone XL pipeline right now. So this is the same folks who are mobilizing for the nuclear disarmament in the United States. This is the same folks who are organizing against the Trans-Pacific Partnership and against the New England Free Trade Agreement. And this is the same folks who are beginning to organize against the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and against the current immigration policies of the United States. Food is not an issue. I don’t care what color you are. If you’re worried about food, I’m worried about my son. I got to get up and go to work because my son is going to school and I don’t want him to sit around and eat donuts. And I don’t want him to eat that. So all of that gets me up and I’m going to go work. And whenever I’m not working, I’m producing, I’m contributing to this site. So whenever I’m not working, I’m producing something that’s better than I ever did it before. And that’s what I’m interested in. I’m interested in innovations, particularly when it comes to things like machine learning and artificial intelligence. And I think that’s where the future of work is. That’s where a lot of innovation happens. And a lot of times, it’s not for the sake of innovation. It’s because we can do it better.
Ye ah.