Gender.
I was wondering if you have any idea what it’s going to be?
Yeah, it’s going to be a book. It’s a funny intuition about you. A lot of the things that you talk about in this book, we knew were autobiographies. I was like, “Oh, I’m not telling the truth.” And you were like, “That’s the worst thing I’m going to tell you.” So you kind of just answer in the affirmative.
I’m happy to take that challenge. Yeah. The worst thing that I’m going to tell you is, honestly, I was terrified. I’m very open to ideas. This is the most important thing that I think that I’ve ever written. I think that’s because I was taught to hate humanity. I was taught to hate humanity, you know, in a visceral way. And I hate that I have to translate that into something that looks like a check. Gender. This is the folder where you keep all your manifestos. This is where you keep all your organizational documents. It’s where you keep your business cards. It’s a safe space, and you should feel safe keeping your shit. This is the folder where you keep all of that shit. And I would just say, start being super super-sensitive, handling of conflicts, being willing to really centralize, running of the gamut, can be tricky. I can’t tell you it’s not hard, but it’s a hard fucking thing. I’m going to tell a little story. The first time I was exposed to a strain of hibakusha, it was on a mountaintop. I’m talking about something that, frankly, I didn’t recognize as sacred. And so I was eating my lunch on this mountain top, and there was a lady on this mountain top who was really pushing me not to go. And I just couldn’t do it. And it was really scary for me, you know, I grew up here and I know the sounds of chains and nails and what that entails. Gender of our workforce is not 50% white. Black and Brown folks are working in disproportionately to the systems that are exacerbating this problem. There’s no question. I don’t need to tell you that this is the case. I don’t need to tell you that this is the reality that we have to create. I’m talking about creating a world where every person has the resources they need to survive, thrive, and create in their community. I’m not talking about– oh, okay, I’m talking about maybe a specific action plan. That’s ridiculous. You can’t just decide to be strong and take action when you have no other resources. You can’t just decide to be strong and build your life in a way to have a functional, equitable, fulfilling work. You have to have resources, and when you have resources, you have to use them. And when you do that, you have a stronger foundation for building the next stage of your life. You have a more resilient, vibrant, individual who is capable of changing the course of events. You have a better chance of changing the course of events if you have the resources. Gender, first of all, that’s something that I think is pretty well-known and talked about in this country. I think one of the things that these protests do is that they instill fear in the hearts and minds of police officers. I think one of the things that we have to do is understand that fear is not an option. This is not a black police officer’s problem. These are white people who have a hard time understanding why anyone would want to put their hand up to shake somebody’s hand. I have a hard time understanding that. The fact that somebody would want to shake my hand says more about me as a white person than it does about the police.
But I think one thing that I think is fairly well-known is that when these protests happened, a lot of people were seriously injured. And a lot of people died. This is what my friend Jeanelle Sales has said, “The police said they would use tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd. I was too scared. I was going to be okay, but when you go live in that kind of stuff, you lose a lot of control. Gender, we’re the ones who will decide if we are the new normal. If not, who? I have no doubt. Because if we are, there’s so much opportunity for change. If we stay as we are, we’re so lucky. If we go through this journey of change, we’re so lucky. I can’t wait for everyone to see. I can’t wait for you all to see.
Thank you. Alright.
Alright. I did want to talk about an issue that’s in the news. The issue that’s getting the most play is obviously the anti-Muslim rhetoric and the proposed ban on Muslims. And rightfully so. But there are also legitimate concerns about the proposed changes to the US nuclear arsenal. And we, as veterans, have a legitimate interest in these changes because we saw what the veterans have been through. We saw so clearly that the values that we hold dear as American are being violated, that we absolutely have a role to play. Gender of the issues, the problems that we can solve together. And we are the only ones who can actually implement all these things that we talked about today. So if anybody else could come stand with me here, they would have a hard time understanding what it’s like to implement all these different messages because, to be blunt, they don’t understand social media. They don’t understand the problem. They don’t understand the issue because they haven’t been given the benefit of the doubt. And that’s what I would say is, for the rural towns, if you haven’t been given the benefit of the doubt, you’re the first to raise it. And you are the person that we should be loud and proud of. And we as people, should be very humble and acknowledge that we are the poster child for rural neglect and that we are to be pitied. And we should be grateful.
I think one of the things that the book has in common with so many other books about rural America that I read is that it has a lot of issues that are affecting the rural community today. Gender technologies are also playing a crucial role. The work they do often happens behind the scenes. When there are initiatives underway, the first step is usually not providing any measurable targets or measurable progress. That can mean anything from small incremental steps, like increasing the amount of fruit trees that you plant to the things that have the biggest impact, like installing 3,000 solar panels in your house or $7 gas masks in your workplace. Then you have to commit to measurable targets, measurable progress, and I think a big part of that is just committing to be visible. And part of that is, we’re beginning to, I think, with leaders in our field starting to recognize, is starting to make the investment in research capacity and in the in-demand professional development. And that means beginning to allocate the resources where they can be seen as being absolutely transformational, like the leadership we need for big initiatives that can happen.
So a great question. So I think big initiatives need to be measurable. I think part of why and how Big Ideas Generator works with communities is that we have this industry, this community is very big in our community, and we’re very lucky to have them. Gender of practitioners?
Thank you for that. I think that the first step is to acknowledge that there is a problem. And while I appreciate the fact that you cited some of the challenges that she and her colleagues have faced in getting there, I have to question, is that actually an achievement? Because I think that if you had started that conversation a different way, you would have encountered challenges along the way and have made progress. But I think that when you start there, you have to have the humility to realize that there are going to be points along the way where you are not always able to get to where you want to go, and there are going to be points along the way where you have to compromise. And there are going to be points along the way where you have to yield. And there are going to be points along the way where you have to wing it. And there’s comfort in that. I think one of the biggest obstacles is simply because we keep saying it’s a problem. We keep saying it’s a crisis. We say it’s violent. We say it’s unconscious. We say it’s all these things that we need to do. Gender is one of the most important civil rights issues of our time. It’s why we have a National Organization for Women, why we have a dedicated movement. It’s why so many thousands of people have joined the movement so far, especially since the election of Donald Trump. And we’re going to keep fighting for change.
Thank you. Alright.
Both at the rally that you mentioned, against the anti- Islamic groups, you had these guys, you had these guys, you had these guys with you. You had them surround the Islamic groups and try to keep them away and you had them take their signs away. What was it like?
I’m going to sound like a broken record, but I really do think that that’s a problem. And I think the first step is saying, “I’m a broken record.” Because we got to start somewhere. We can’t have a conversation unless we first break up the patterns of behavior. And I think that if we can start a conversation, we’re going to have a better outcome.
Ye ah. Talk about that conversation starter.
That’s a great question. Gender-neutral' or gender-fluid, but they’re also interested in people of all ages, and that’s because, like I said, we’re only interested in the creative process. We don’t look at, okay, so long as you’re not hurting anybody, that’s the goal. We look at it as a journey of healing, of creativity, of growth. And we collectively decide, we call it the Creative Path, and it’s my hope that we will collectively decide to call it that because that is the best thing that we can do for our bodies and our minds.
So with that said, I have to warn you. This is going to sound really strange coming from a seasoned practitioner of this stuff, but there’s a real danger in letting go. You’re not just transferring new life into old bodies, you’re also creating a whole new set of problems. That’s what grief is about.
I don’t know if you have seen the documentary Black Panther. That’s an extreme case. But that is the kind of thing that happens when you remove the mask.