Health and Medicine, the US Department of Energy, the Environmental Protection Agency, and many other federal agencies. These people matter. They make the difference between lifesaving interventions that save lives and none at all. When they say we need to stop killing each other, we’re killing ourselves. We need to stop killing our neighbors and, in some cases, we’re joining with them to say we want the same things you guys are doing at the Hanford site. So we have to stop killing each other and start being there for the health of our communities. And we need to develop the political will, the organizational capacity, the understanding that we have to stop killing ourselves and start being able to save lives.
So the folks who do most of the heavy lifting in terms of the infrastructure, do most of the heavy lifting when it comes to health and safety. And they are often invisible to the rest of us.Health and Medicine. And there’s a whole field of researchers who are interested in studying aggression and that is, first, because we have to be able to recognize when we’re being manipulated and when we have to recognize that we’re being manipulated and that we have to be able to recognize when we’re being manipulated. And so this is the first author of a new paper I’m presenting at the Association for Computational Cognitive Science meeting in San Francisco later this month. And the paper is entitled, “How We Can Recognize When We’re Being Induced to Use Aggression.” The first author is a woman, Maia Iacovelli, who was born in the U.S. and raised in the U.K. She came to San Francisco in the late 1980s and has been studying how the brains of chimpanzees and other primates react to aversive electric shocks for more than a decade. She has a BA in Philosophy from University College London. Thank you all very much.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le.Health and Medicine Council, when he was a K-12 teacher, reminded me that the role of science in schools is to develop curricula that are evidence-based and systems that are scalable. That means developing learning environments that are adaptive in the sense that they allow for the experimentation that is key to unlocking the power of the scientific method and the transformative power of students. I am so glad to hear that you’re using your science background to bring this awareness to the students. I think a big part of that is, one of our biggest obstacles right now, is simply getting students to participate. Right? I’m not asking anyone to wear a lab coat. You don’t have to bring your kids. You don’t have to bring your dog. You don’t have to wear anything. But if you want to bring up the issue, you have to bring up the issue. And you have to allow students to bring up the issue because, oftentimes, students don’t have a voice. For you to have a voice, students have to have a safe and nurturing learning environment.Health and Medicine, the nation’s leader in CEOS research. He serves as President of the Hiroshima Club here in Seattle and has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. How was your first day back?
Well, actually, my second day back was amazing. It was a very reflective day. It was, I think, the best day of my life. I think everything that I’ve ever been privileged to do, if you’re going to do it, you have to feel bad. You have to feel angry. You have to feel whatever it is that you’re experiencing right now. And that was a very reflective day because it was the day that the Senate voted to give us a refund on our Air Force One flight from Seattle to New York on the tarmac at John F. Kennedy International Airport. Against all odds, we won that vote.
And so, that was, I think, an amazing weekend. We’ve had so many incredible experiences at John F.Health and Medicine (and) we’re working on, is that we have to reach beyond the testing and that we are also working on providing care in the same way we’ve been providing care for asbestos victims for 130 years. So we have to continue to push for funding for anti-AISI programs to be larger and more sustained, so that we can ensure that every child has the services they need to survive.
Hello. There is a lot of buzz around training for public health professionals. And one of the concerns is whether or not you start to see real change at the local level. And here’s what I’m wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the challenges that arise from that. And I wonder if you have a comment or two, two small words, thoughts about outreach and partnerships for the public?
I’m in the middle of a presentation about the history of vaccination and the rise of anti-vaccination. I got a lot of information about the history of vaccination and its connection to the history of toxic stress in our society. That is, if you think about the history of vaccination, there’s controversy surrounding when they were actually implemented.Health and Medicine Red Cross project in Senegal. I also worked with them at the Massey glacier project in New Zealand and they put a lot of efforts into making sure that our teams were connected so that we could address the issues of access and the lack of drinking water. And you can really see how these things are connected and how they impact each other and the community. And so I was also involved in the ground game part of this work. I was the Team Lead for the New Zealand mobilization to Stop Trident here in Wellington. And I was also the Mobilizing Coordinator for the Pacific Islanders United for Peace and Justice. So I have a lot of stories about how we as National Security Officials, as we collectively decide to re-evaluate and re-evaluate the Trident program. I remember being in Seattle in 1993 and there was a time where we just couldn’t seem to get off the stage and we were the driving force behind the change. We were the ones who got the majority of the work done. And that was a time of crisis. I think 2013 saw a real turning point in US politics where we finally were able to put an issue on the policy agenda. And that was a time of genuine grassroots leadership.Health and Medicine. In fact, her interest in the biomedical community was piqued by the interest in environmental health and safety in communities across the nation. As she saw it, previous environmental movements had focused on the criminal elements in the problem, and the communities that had them. And that had been the focus of public attention. But now, with the rise of cleanups and the resulting improvements in our health systems, communities realized that their members were not immune. And they began to take public health more seriously.
And that meant that in addition to being an outstanding health advisor to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and contributing to the organizing and fielding of our own NDAs, she was also a leader in the movement to stop the lead poisoning of our children. And she was one of the earliest and most visible organizers of our response. Thank you, Jen.
Jen is a survivor of the lead poisoning that occurred when she was still pregnant with her first child. The toxic metal Chlorine – very similar to what happened to her in the nuclear bomb test that took place in July – killed her and nearly all of her unborn child.Health and Medicine was founded in 1952. It has a global staff of 350 professionals, scientists and activists dedicated to advancing health and justice in communities. For more information, or to join, please visit www.solidarityis.org.
Hello. I have a two-part question. My name is Jody Ann. And it’s both around disproportionate uptake of the interventions that you’re promoting. And so the first part is, when you’re talking about really marginalized communities, be it by class, race, et cetera, be it by geography, health or any other factor, how do you get there? I’ve a two-part question. One is, how do you manage the fact that in a system that degrades both physically and mentally, how do you get past the damage that you’re inflicting on communities that are already suffering? And the other question is, you’re like the saviour of our modern industrial agriculture. Can you talk about how you have changed the course of history?
So there are obvious impacts from pesticide use. Pesticides like this one, which was prohibited under our current laws, can kill you.Health and Medicine Organisation.
Hello. Nadine. Hi.
So unfortunately, I feel like many of us are dealing with some sort of underrepresentation of women in any of our decision-making processes. Ira, you mentioned both the leadership challenges that we’re facing as well as the support challenges that we are facing. And one of the big pieces of this puzzle is obviously, one of the big leadership challenges is Hillary Clinton. And obviously, a lot of people have been frustrated with her inability to effectively lead on climate change and other issues. And so Bernie Sanders has been very effective in mobilising the grassroots to get around to electing a Democrat this November. But as I’m sure you know, many millions of people all over the country are frustrated. And they want change. They want change in the way that Hillary Clinton has been able to deliver this stuff over these last couple of years. So what do you think she’s doing now? She’s obviously busy campaigning. She’s got all of that stuff to do. So I think she’s doing well. I think she’s doing really well in motivating people.Health and Medicine, and the Environment Institute at the University of Washington. So thank you for being here, Twa-le.
I wasn’t sure if I could follow up that question, but so, as I was reading Buzz, I caught a couple glimpses into references of feathers and seeds. And then, especially with the passage of time, especially with your kid growing up, you mentioning years, I started realizing that you were collecting and conducting research in all these disparate subjects, probably at the same time and in parallel. So I was wondering about your research methods and how you keep all this information, together and related. And then ultimately when you focus on one subject and create a book about that subject, how that comes about?
I’m wondering the same thing and when you figure it out, you tell me what I’m doing. That’s a great question. So I have done a lot of different research. So I have interest in a lot of things, and I try to keep up on the literature of certain subjects that really fascinate me.