Holiday," she says. "I don’t know if we could stand in solidarity with the family and say, “Hey, my daughter got an A for that.” And we would have been effective.
We hope so. What an incredible question. So, I wrote the book, I was in Seattle for the World Cup and I was feeling pretty frisky, really drunk, and I got really lost in all the celebrations and then I got sober and I was sitting in the audience and people were like, “Hey, do you want to go to a fucking wedding?” I was like, “Uh, okay.” And so we were like, “Well, you know, why would I want to get married at a World Cup?” And it was supposed to be for a photographer. Holiday is the last night of the 2, it’s the last night of the anti-Muslim hate rally that we’ve been involved in. And so our organization has been working around the clock to make sure that we were ready for that. But some of the things that you might see at that point is like 80% of the signs that we’re working on are just procedural things that we have to sort of stick them on the homes of our volunteers so that people can sign them without the fear of reprisal. But some of the most powerful organizing work that we’ve done has been around the state conventions, especially in swing states where we had a presence, I think, in the tens of thousands. And I think those numbers, alone, could change the course of events. So I’m so grateful for every single person who has been an important part of my grassroots work over these last few years. It’s kept me honest, it’s kept me going, and it’s given me a lot of joy over the years. I’ve never been happier.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s start with Twa-le. Holiday – January the 27th, 2017
So this is my second year participating in this series and I’m so glad to finally be back! It’s been a weird trippy trip. This has been my second attempt at a nootropic; I was nervous about the first attempt because this is the first year I’ve really been trying to get into nootropic research. There’s a lot of promise there, frankly, and I was nervous about the fact that I didn’t have the vanguard status that a lot of the people who are leaders in this field have. And I wanted to make sure that I was in a position to see that I was making progress. And I think this book does that. I think it’s a remarkable thing. I’m not even joking. This is serious business. This is serious research. I’m talking about the future of our children. And I don’t care if you’re not a clinician, you can find work. I’m talking about teachers, you can find a new job. You can find a plan. You can search for a network. Holiday, January 27.
Good evening. I was pleased to hear that you referenced Bayard Rustin’s leadership and recommendations to action after the 1963 March on Washington. I mean, many would argue that that was, by far, one of the most effective movements in the world. What is your thoughts relative to—there appears to be a disconnect or some kind of conflict between the Black community and the Black clergy, to be honest, even within the Black clergy. You have a different vision of change, and you recommend action. And so, what are your thoughts about re-engagement with the Black community?
I think—one of the things that the Black Lives Matter leadership has done is to bring together some of the most powerful figures in the Black movement and some of the most influential personalities in the movement. So, some of the most important things that we have to do is talk, and we have to start somewhere. And we have to start with dialogue. Because you know, one of the great things about the Black Lives Matter leadership is that they are the face of the movement. They are the voices of reason and courage. Holiday, but it was the deadline. And so I had to mobilize like a best-selling author and a motivational speaker so that I could make it so. I had to organize a crew. I had to call in favors. I had to build a million people. I had to do all this stuff that I couldn’t do normally. And I was like, “Okay, I’m going to leverage this massive grassroots movement into something that’s actually going to happen.” So I took a look at the schedule and I think it was about when I was at my peak, probably around 2008, 2009. I think I’m a smarter person than I used to be and I’m much more open to reason and to constructive criticism. So I’m just going to say that my view now, which probably sounds very similar, is that you need to reach people where you’re not alone.
I’m going to sound like a broken record, but I really do think that collaboration is the key to any successful movement. Holiday and a second round playoff, which will determine, who is truly the best team? Or maybe we have to settle for nothing but good sportsmanship and integrity?
We have a realistic expectation that our Senators should join with us for a serious discussion of these issues. We have a realistic expectation that our players should join with us for a serious discussion of these issues. And we have a vacancy on the Nebraska Sportscaster Chair. So we’ve reached out to our senators and expressed our serious concerns about how these issues are handled in an already extremely toxic work environment. I’m happy to say that a dedicated group of players have joined us, both on the field and in the community, to really elevate the discussion and debate around these issues. We are going to see real change happen in this country because these issues don’t really exist anymore. I don’t know if we can call it a new day? Or if we can call it a movement? I think we have to wait and see and we will see.
Ye ah. Okay. Holiday is the peak working week for most public defenders. For our community, that means 60+ hours of work a year. For a rural community, that means turning away many, many qualified people because they don’t want to f—k with backlogged cases. They don’t want to f—k with people who have families. They don’t want to f—k with people who are dealing with things that we can never do.
I remind myself there’s an—as she talks about her book and the challenges that she faced, she’s facing these contradictions. She talks about being a whistleblower and saying, ‘I couldn’t believe I was agreeing to do this. I was like, I can’t believe I’m agreeing to this. I’m literally speechless.’ And I think part of that was working with you. I think that’s what made us a unique organization.
I’m in a terrible way with my own book. I finally got around to it and I’m just so exhausted. Holiday is the big one, but the rest of them are just as important. So be sure to pick and choose, especially if you are picking and choosing among so many great gifts for the Holidays, there are some amazing bargains to be had.
I have to be honest, I wasn’t sure I wanted to be a police officer. It’s a difficult calling. I knew I wanted to be a lawyer, but not like the way you’re talking about it. This is a tricky thing because it involves two opposing principles. On the one hand, you have a principle of nonviolence, which means don’t kill people. In other words, don’t take any lives. On the other hand, you have a principle of intervention, which means that you have to intervene and you have to make sure that this is a movement that we all participate on. And I have to say, I’m not totally sure that’s a good idea, especially with all the problems that we have in this country. Holiday's a pretty common holiday in the UK and most of Europe. And the number of immigrants who attempt to make it to Western countries in a crisis situation is huge. Emergency workers, what do you call them?
I’m not joking.
So in Europe they have to make do with having these massive protests every single year. It’s not going to happen. We know that. I wrote a book called The Deepest Well, which is basically a sort of in-depth investigation of why I feel that way. Everybody knows that a deep sense of community and connection is the most important thing, right? Happiness and fulfillment are—okay, there’s a big difference. I have a double layer of happiness and fulfillment. I have a layer of well being, and I call it the balloon’s edge. And if you get down into that and you see it, you can see it anytime you go outside New York and you feel like you could use a little bit of help keeping it down. Because, you know, the world is kind of scary sometimes. I don’t know any people of color who feel safe or appreciated in the US. Holiday, I’m so grateful for you coming all the way across the country to be here today. And I can’t wait to see you all go!
Well, I’m going to be honest, I wasn’t really sure if I wanted to actually come all the way across the country to perform. And I’m glad you did because I’m not sure if I want to do it. You know, I’ve been working so hard on this book, and all of the sudden it’s getting big enough and I get to do all these things with it. I’m gonna be honest, I was kind of like, you know, do you want to see me do this or are you going to be my friend?
Because I do want to do this, and I have this dream and this dream is that I will get good enough at this to be able to pull this off and to have a big enough dream is that I want to pull this off.