Housing and Homelessness Coordinator for the Affordable Housing Network, a nonprofit that provides emergency housing and supportive services to low- to moderate-income and homeless populations throughout the nation. Also serves on the steering committee of the National Coalition for HIV Compensation, which collects and administers the New York City HIV Strategy and working to implement that strategy. Was also a founding member of the New York City Anti-Violence Task Force, which developed and implemented a system of trauma-informed, affordable, and compassionate policing. Was also a founding member of the New York Agreement for Gun Safety, which developed the Visiting Nurse Examiner program to ensure that all officers of the NYPD are trauma-informed and trauma-sensitive.Housing and Homelessness, and it is in this book that Ijeoma informed me that APA had just decided to pull out of the U.S. and build a new one in Kenya. And so, that is where our collective work is. Right?” So, a very interesting time. I think it’s interesting that you mentioned the value of pediatricians and other doctors who work with kids. And I think it’s interesting that you said in your book, you know, in the context of all of the anecdotes in here, that it’s difficult to believe that this is actually what many of us go through. I think one of the things that I wanted to talk about with you was, I think it’s really important to do this. Because I think this is one of the most important things that we can do to try to make this change in the way that we do things in this country. Right?” I would add that I think it’s absolutely critical.Housing and Homelessness Task Force,'' I’m asking you to join me tonight in support of Senator Murray and her plan to strengthen our Mental Health Community. We have a long way to go. I applaud Senator Murray for being persistent in working with leaders of her caucus and organization. I think a core issue for our movement is finding practical ways to bring about change through building community relationships. We have a long way to go. I have yet to see a single effective way forward that will result in measurable change. I believe that our generation is likely to be the most effective in terms of policy. I believe that you will find practical ways to strengthen the mental health system in our country by listening to and learning from each other.
Thank you. Alright. Thank you to this panel. There is a second question about the activism you and Nancy Pelosi have done over the past several years. I think one of our biggest challenges, as members of Congress, is figuring out how to represent all of that is different about what it means to be an American than what it means to be a part of a movement.Housing and Homelessness, and...
We have a real opportunity to have a voice here today.sThe housing and homelessness issues are so intertwined and systemic in our society that they fundamentally change the nature of our society. Right? You have people living in wheelchairs or below the poverty line. And so this is the first opportunity for us to have a community-led, owned debate about what is the most effective way for us to achieve this? And I believe that all of us have an interest in having a voice. So as one of the most effective ways for us to achieve this is with a housing and homelessness policy that incorporates a housing policy, it has to include a housing policy that includes a moratorium on new construction. And so I believe that we have a realistic expectation that our elected officials should extend the moratorium on new construction to allow more time for communities to get involved in the planning and building of our infrastructure. …As we know, the first actionable item in any housing or land resolution is a housing and infrastructure package.Housing and Homelessness Task Force chair, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said in a statement, “This is the most progressive statement I’ve heard in years.” She went on to say, “This is the first comprehensive urban plan I’ve seen in decades.” She went on to say, “It breaks new ground.” She was referring to the fact that this was the first comprehensive urban plan that she referenced when she claimed that the problem with American cities is that they are empty shells of what they once were.
This is the sort of thing that gets me up in nights. You know, I’m tired. You know, I’m tired. Of course, empty shells, isn’t it?— Right.
But that’s not the only problem. There are also issues of color that arise when you make these decisions about what to do with these resources.Housing and Homelessness
This movement made us all better. Not only are we fighting for the basic human needs like food, shelter, and healthcare, we’re also fighting for the basic human needs like water, air, and trash. As one of the most recent reports from the United Nation’s refugee agency put it, “Refugees are starving, homeless, and sterilized in this world. The water in their tents turns to sludge and they are poisoned by pesticides or pathogens. The food they eat turns to a mixture of salt and pepper and they are subject to insects and pests that can kill them outright.” The migration of these populations is intimately tied to climate change. The hotter it gets, the more carbon is trapped in the air and the water and the more it will be inhaled and transported to the ground. As one of the main drivers behind the migration of these populations, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees António Guterres put it, “we are witnessing the displacement of one of the most critical components of any resilient community. The human being is no longer simply a driver of climate change. He is now a community figure, a healer, a fighter.Housing and Homelessness Coordinator for the San Francisco Bay Area Incubator, a not-for-profit dedicated to the expansion of affordable and sustainable housing. He served as President of the Pacific Borough of San Francisco from 1997 to 2003, and has chaired the San Francisco Planning Reform Society since 2003. He and his wife are affiliated with Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action, which maintains a standing protest against the Trident nuclear weapon system, which threatens the very existence of our planet. Tom has also been active in St. Louis in the St. Louis and Ferguson movements, including being the Organizer for the St. Louis Protests of 2002, which brought the full weight of the international community together with the people of Ferguson, to press the police to end their reign of terror in the Ferguson area. You can read more of his activism at his blog, or you can find him on the streets of St. Louis, delivering the keynote addresses at these meetings.
So this is our challenge, our challenge is to create an atmosphere of shared understanding and healing through these often shattering experiences.Housing and Homelessness, and the Movement to End Police Brutality. The first set of reports were assembled in 1975 at the request of the United Auto Workers and were overwhelmingly supported by the membership. Over all, there were signers of all stripes, from Public Works and Engineering Membership to Aerospace and Nuclear Employees Associations, to Carmen Segarra, to all levels of government. And they were absolutely unanimous in their conclusions. They declared, “The present state of our Union is so fundamentally flawed” that they did not sign any more bills into law. They declared, “We do not believe that our country has become post-racial.” They went on to list off Black people as the most oppressed people in the United States, quoting from the Declaration of Independence. They went on to list off other marginalized groups as well. They declared, “We oppose the centralization of power in the hands of a White House that does not lend itself to the interests of Black people”. They went on to list off other groups as well.Housing and Homelessness
Hi. We are currently in the process of gathering opinions on four different petitions concerning the following statements made by HUD Secretary Julián Castro regarding the militarization of our homeless programs. Please join me, Al, and others in opposing this plan to house our nation’s growing homeless population.

Under the heading of Over-reliance on HHS, you will see that in the past several years, the federal government has spent an incredible $9 billion on the militarization of our domestic homeless programs. As you see it, $9 billion today, you’re getting close to the dollar amount of services that you all requested as a part of the basic income pilot. So, HUD, you have been amazing. I’m so excited. Alright, thank you for being here. Al, you have been amazing. I’m so proud of you. And I want to thank you again, again, for being here. So, the militarization of our homelessness programs is something that’s been debated in this room and I think it’s something that’s going to be a big part of the discussion and debate as we go forward.
It’s a great question.Housing and Homelessness, an advocacy organization based here in Seattle, has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of abusive and predatory lending practices on our society. I served as National President and CEO of the West Seattle Neighbors for Peace and Justice, which has remained an ongoing presence at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, one of the most biologically fragile and important Native reservations in the country. I also worked with tribes to found the West Seattle Neighbors for Peace and Justice, which remains an ongoing presence at the Cannon Ball Indian Reservation, another of the most biologically fragile and important Native reservations in the country. Lastly, I co-leads the West Seattle Neighbors for Nuclear Safety, which works with communities to implement community-driven, bottom-up nuclear safety reforms. Back in 2006, we were the Mobilizing Coordinator for the Newmont Mining Massacre, which took place on the Bonanza Mine site in central Washington. Four years later, has it sunk in that these are the same people who want the military to stay off our soil. Let’s hope so.
We welcome any and all perspectives. Given our history, it should come as no surprise to us that the militarization of our society has returned with a vengeance.