Humor to us. We joke all the time about it. Like, don’t you dare say it again, please.
It’s funny. I was wondering if you have any thoughts on dogs and language. I. e. , if a dog is communicating with another dog via smell, what they’re doing it’s because we think that dogs have a low-salt diet and we assume that that means they’re not eating much. But you’re definitely not alone with a dog if you’re hearing the dog and they’re communicating on the other side of the room. And if you’re hearing the dog, they might be able to pick up on when you’re talking to them and when you’re not looking at them. Humor and you have to laugh at the same time. And so we were like, “Okay, okay. We’re going to start doing this in the hopes that we can start to lighten the load on everybody else.” It takes a village.
And we were like, “Yo, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our very first town hall meeting. This is my first time presenting here, my second time as a lecturer, and I really hope it’s not a coincidence.” It’s always going to have a steep learning curve because, you know, you never know what someone is going to ask you. But I was very humble. I was presenting here not just as a practitioner, but as a scientist. And I said, “Hey, I’m just curious. How much time do we have?” And everybody was just kind of looking at me funny. I’m not joking. I’m serious. I kept my optimism level down so I could present in that state. And I think a lot of us are like, “Hmm, well, let’s see. Humor me, but I just can’t seem to shut up about bees. I find myself doing just that at times.
So I have a question. I think that if we had more questions, you would have said something. But you didn’t have to say anything.
So I have a 2nd grade classroom. I don’t know if this is the best place, but it’s the second grade classroom. Second grade is where most of the science in our history was learned. It was where we learned about the effects of dust mites, including the first generation effects of what is known as the sweet tooth syndrome. And what this does is it puts us in a cycle of learning about the negative effects of our environment. And we learn that human beings have a tendency to do the opposite of what we’re told to do things like recycle. We learn that animal behaviors are a reflection of what is detrimental to our human condition. And we see that that is not what the research shows. What the research shows is that people care about animals, but we don’t always get a clear picture of what that animal feeling is like. Humor.com than we can imagine. So we’ve been talking, working on this book for a number of years. And now I feel like it’s time to finally release it. So to start things off, I would like to introduce myself for those of you who aren’t familiar with me.
Hello. My name is Jody Ann. I’m Jody Ann. I’m the founding Executive Director of CRUSH, which stands for Community Responsive Housing and Urban Development. And I also serve as President of the Spokane Tribe and a three-time National Chair of the Spokane Tribe for Cleanup. So we’re the Spokane chapter of the National Organization for Women.
And we have this great chapter in here called “Heavy Breathing.” So we’ve been talking about this for awhile and we were inspired enough by some of the issues that we face in our community, in our country, to write our own chapter. It’s called the Cleanup Challenge. And we’re thrilled to finally be here. So, this is our little twist on the heroic gesture. Humor” I just moved to New York and I’m not humorless. I laugh when I’m joking around. I play along with everything that I’m told. And for me, that means being able to walk around in public without fear. That means being able to not only connect with my kids, but I’m also laughing with them, and I hope that I keep playing along with it.
That’s it. This is the worst thing I’ve heard in a long time. So, I hope you get better at accepting criticism and learning how to self-reflect. But I also hope you find where you are because I know that sometimes, for you, that is not an option.
No, I mean, obviously you have to do this and you have to do that and there’s no choice. I think that’s what you’re meant to do. You have to do what you have to do. And for me, for me, one big thing for me, I feel like you have a big hand in this. Humor!', you know? You go to a Comedy Store, signs autographs, and they run out of jokes. So it’s always been there. I think it’s just gotten funnier and more outrageous. I don’t know. But I think we’re now, with all of our advancements in neuroscience, medicine, everything is just so much better. So much more sophisticated, accurate, tractable, universal, machine learning accurate, universal, machine learning edible, whatever. Right? I’m not joking. That’s a serious issue. And I don’t know that we can just keep letting machines take care of our aging process and our illnesses will go away. Right? Disease is the last thing we should be doing.
I thank you very much for a really insightful, illuminating talk. I just have a two part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the challenges that we’re facing as we’re creating an AI that is very similar to ourselves. Humor a lot of these people, I mean, we’re trying to chill them out. We want them to chill out. And we feel like if you have the misfortune of being around them, one of these things’s going to happen to you. Right?’ And so we just want them to have a voice and let them vent.
I was wondering if you have any strategies for teaching and learning about Black history and culture that are specific to you?
I mean, this is a big one. I think one of the things that is so ironic about the book is that it has the word “Black” in it. I didn’t write this book, but I’m sure some people are going to be surprised to learn that I write primarily for white audiences. And I’m trying to teach myself to be able to write for people of color. So, I’m writing this in a very broad sense, and I’m talking about writing for both white audiences and people of color as a writer. And I’m also talking about teaching myself to recognize when I’m being intentionally written to, and to start breaking those patterns. Humor out of the abortion clinic that David Daleiden frequented, when he would come up and tell us how terrible it was, how this was his idea, and we should be grateful. And maybe these are issues we should be having, you know, because it’s taken us for us to realize that we had these issues, and we shouldn’t have them be dealing with in an abortion clinic. We should’t have them be dealing with with the threat of violence on the part of the police. We should not have them be dealing with all of that. And so that was where my mind was as I saw it was that this is what happens when you have a situation like this. You have people who have no voice, who have no access to information, to actually being able to reflect on what’s happening to them. And I think that’s what we need right now, is we need a movement that is anchored in real change, and a movement that is able to deliver that change through actual change. Because that’s what a change plan is. A change plan is something that I recommend to people, and I think is very relevant for us right now. Humor of the century: A human being who was so terrible that he was lampooned on a Wells Fargo commercial for allowing his personal, non-profit bank to be national bankrolled with taxpayer money to offer low-cost, no-frills payday loans that it became the butt of jokes for the entire country.
Now, to be fair, some of this came from Democratic Party operatives. And some of this was developed during the time when Democrats controlled the White House and both houses of Congress. And some of this was decided at the Legislative Branch level. But most of it was decided at the top. There were often times where we had 30 or 40 Representatives who were clearly motivated by different agendas, different messaging, and different protestors wanted the same thing done differently. And so if you’re thinking about how you could have influenced this, you need to start somewhere. There, I said it. We’re still there. I don’t know where else to start. There’s a lot of blame to go around. There are a lot of things that could have been doing, and people didn’t get the message and they didn’t realize it was coming from the same place. Humor isn’t an oxymoron; it’s an intentional skill. This is something that I talk about, and I think it’s something that a lot of players deal with. When you're dealing with something that’s so real and so true, it’s hard to not take it and make sure that you don’t cross that invisible threshold and you don’t become that anti-social teammate that everybody hates.
That’s a great question. And I think, personally, I try to stay away from that. I think that’s where the issue lies. You know, I think LaVar Ball is one of the biggest threats to our country right now. I talk about that in the book. I think LaVar Ball is a sociopath. He’s a sociopath who takes advantage of his fans. And I think when you watch him, you think like, that he’s just trying to find a way to stay out of trouble. And I think that’s the worst thing that you should do.