The first thing that comes to mind when you think of Knepp is that they’re those folded up legs, like in the back of a van. Well, that’s probably part of the appeal, but we have a problem. Unless you remove the legs, which is a common surgical fix, they will stay put. The legs stick out like that because that’s how they found us. Weaver bees are particularly fond of that, because we tend to forget that there are all sorts of other ways that they can find our bodies and we forget that there are feet and other ways of getting around.
So this is what happens when you remove the legs, basically you’re making them up as you go along, like a surgeon wanting to finish the operation without missing a step. And so you’re undoing all that leg work, which takes a long time, and you see what Weaver bees want out of you. So this is what it looks like, starting at the base, you’re going to be working these legs, and you’re going to be lifting and carrying all manner of things. Illustration by Jack Johnson.
The anti-racism consulting firm Ashe to the People of Raleigh presented the following suggestions for activists on how to handle the differences that arise between different racialized groups on the one hand and the reality on the other hand. I’m so tired of hearing from constituents like, ‘People of color are dying in police custody. I don’t want to feel like I am participating in this.’ You know, I’m tired of hearing from constituents like, ‘People of color are dying in police custody. I don’t want to feel like I am a part of this.’ You know, I’m tired of hearing from constituents like, ‘People of color are dying in police custody. I need to feel like I am part of the problem.’ You know, I’m tired of people of color being murdered in police custody. I need to feel like I am part of the problem.’ And you making these suggestions for how to deal with that, for that is part of the solution. But you’re not alone. I’m going to speak at a community college. Illustration by David Montgomery.
In October 2012, the national office of the Mayflower Trust recorded an astounding 304 grievances against the federal government on behalf of the people of Wisconsin. In addition to these compiled in this book, the U.S. Department of Energy, and various tribal nations have also been named as defendants. And more than 30,000 pages of testimony has been filed in lawsuits on behalf of the people of Wisconsin. So this is only a fraction of the testimony that has been compiled so far. I’m hoping to collect it into a book and present it to the public. But first, I want to end this with a question. You’ve talked a lot about the role of protest and movement building in terms of both the scientific process and the social movement. And I think one of the things that was in flux at the Center was the relationship that protest and movement building had with the scientific community. So one of the places where that changed is around the time that you started Organizing for Action. And you talk about how that changed, how that relationship developed. And I think one of the things about that relationship is that it wasn’t adversarial. It wasn’t. Illustration by Willian Bellis.
So this is whyis so important. When you’re sitting at your desk, there’s only one thing that matters right? There’s only one thing that matters right? There’s only one thing that matters is the person that you’re trying to change their day-to-day life because, otherwise, you can’t really do it. You can’t really do it because that person is the core of what holds you up. It’s through that person that you continuously battle and fights and that person is the person that keeps you going.
I have to laugh and I have to admit, I was scared for a second. I was scared for a second. I was like, okay, I’m going to say something really bad about this person. I’m going to tell them I don’t love them anymore.” And they’re like, ‘That’s so not cool.’ I'm like, ‘I’m not going to do that.’ And it was supposed to be for a joke. Illustration by Charles Elliott.
Hello. My question is about the connection between the scientific community and the medical community. And I mean, there’s this idea that this is something we just don’t talk about. And I mean, there’s this idea that this is something that you’re supposed to have this conversation and then you get to have this conversation and then you get to medicate together. And I don’t know if I understand this right? You’re supposed to bring this knowledge back to us so we can better understand what our bodies’s doing in these situations. And so I understand that we don’t always know what the solutions are. And I think it would be useful if we had more investment in this area. But at the same time, I think we need to continue to invest in our infrastructure so that we have the best possible care for our members of the scientific community. And I very much welcome the investment in this area because, I think, we’re still not at the point where we can say with any certainty that our systems are scalable and that we can allocate that type of investment in our infrastructure so that we have a scalable system. Illustration by Mike Elgin. ]
Here’s a question. If you had to guess, just a few words about what it would be, what would you say?
I would say that it’s a combination of those things and “I don’t know enough about the subject to offer any guidance”. Yeah.
That’s pretty strong. It’s a combination of those things. So I think that if we had started things out with, you know, you could ask any question you wanted to me or you could point us to the article or the tweet that you’re thinking of me, we would have a pretty good idea of what it is. But I think we need to know more so we can better educate ourselves and others.
Yeah. So this is my kind of burning ambition, this ambition to root out corruption in all its forms. Right? Because you know better than I know all of the details and I can’t vouch for the integrity of the health care system in this country. I don’t know the details. But what I do know is that it’s incredibly expensive and it’s insanely bureaucratic. Illustration by D. Wesley Whitsitt. <|endoftext|>This article originally appeared on VICE UK

It was a wet and stormy day in October. And while parts of London experienced some rainfall—obviously not enough to keep a roof on a classroom—it was enough to keep a colleague and student, Aislinn Pulley, and her toddler son, Bismack, warm. And that meant they weren’t staying on the inside of a rain barrel. After all, London is just a short distance away, and many schools have shut their doors for the winter.
So how did you get there? Did you use the bathroom before?
I just, I, yeah. My mind was made up I was going to be a police officer and I was happy to accept that it was time for a change of scenery. And I was excited because I had been telling this incredible story of my life—as a young black man—since the day I was booked on a CRTC hearing to talk about the dangers of drone flight. And I had just realized, you know, it was about time. So yeah, I was stoked. At the time I didn’t even think of myself as a scientist. Illustration by Amanda Kooser. <|endoftext|>SEATTLE—Claims that the vast majority of us are simply misinformed or that we are being manipulated by a shadowy, unaccountable, and often murderous elite that wants to impose its twisted version of American history on us have been making the rounds for some time. A new report released today by the nonprofit investigative organization, Ground Zero Center for Nonviolent Action, Inc. (Gzero), which relies heavily on the support of readers like you to keep going forward. Please consider a donation to support Gzero today.
The report, which was co-chaired by Lisa Bloom, a senior research fellow at the New York Times, and David Kona Anitok, a founding member and former president of the Spokane Tribe. Together, they compiled a formidable investigative team that uncovered the brutal reality that Standing Rock Sioux and other Sioux tribes were living in constant fear of police and military occupation throughout the 1980s. The report, titled The Water is Brutal, was published in the Spring of 1997. Illustration by Joelle Jones.
It is the year 2140 and the world is still reeling from the effects of the nuclear age. Two thousand years into the system of nuclear dominance that Jim Page laid out in his brilliant new book, we still find ourselves redoubled, redoubled efforts to dismantle it. New nuclear weapons are being developed that fire a hundred times more heat than the reactor that day in the concentration of sunlight that a Hiroshima bomb was detonated. Newer nuclear warheads carry a greater risk of warhead failure or accidental release than did the old nuclear weapons that were tested in the Marshall Islands in the Marshall Islands. And, as with all nuclear arsenals, accidents happen. In July 2011, just days after the Fukushima disaster, the government of Japan announced that they were pulling out of the nuclear triad. This came on the heels of a similar announcement from the United States, and a series of other announcements that the year 2011 saw the complete reassessment of our nuclear arsenals as a result of which we are re-evaluating our nuclear policies and practices. This is the text of a paper presented at the 2011 Nuclear Policy Conference that was endorsed by almost all the signers. Illustration by Logan Ward–Civil War II, coming soon.
You can see that they are amongst the most heroic of all times. You can see them ripping the Arc Reactor core from underneath the Japanese cities and carrying it up over the hill to the Hawaiian Islands where they dropped it off in the ocean and is still embedded in the ground. You can see them dragging it out over the hills and carrying it heavy with them you can see itchy and tacky with what is left of the industrial population. What is left is a wasteland. This is where they just let the nuclear waste water get as cold as -40 degrees and as hot as 250 degrees, sucking moisture out of the water and vaporizing the nuclear fuel. This is why we only ever see itchy, ragged patches on our landscapes. We see little ears of corn or wheat sticking up in the landscape sometimes hundreds of them. This is how they broke into the nuclear fabric and were sucked up into the air and burned.
Their is a saying in the military, one of the most enduring, that if you ask a veteran if they experienced that burn, they will tell you it was from that heat.