International language training, you will have to teach people different ways of speaking in your native language. And we are not alone in. We are the only ones who can make a difference whether we’re training the same people or bringing the issue forward is a different issue. I believe that we have a moral and ethical obligation to make sure that our children are being educated in a way that reflects the totality of issues affecting their humanity. And I believe that if we don’t do that, then we are failing as a society. And if we keep saying the same things over and over and over, it’s gonna sound the same to them for sure. Right?’Cause I’m not going to try to change the narrative. I don’t have that luxury. And I think it’s our responsibility as parents of any race, any gender, to make sure that our voices are heard.International in January in Washington. I was not unhappy to see heretics like St. Paul to the Stop Online Piracy Act (Sopa) and Cory Booker to the Protect Patent Cooperation Act of 2012. I was unhappy to see heretics like St. Louis to the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement amendments. I was unhappy to see heretics like Maryland to the Anti-Terrorism Act. And I was unhappy to see heretics like Theodore Warsh, who has a long history of being a threat to the civil rights of Native Americans and who, in my opinion, should be locked up for his evilness. But, unfortunately, his name isn’t that big in the history of protests. I didn’t see him at the Washington protest. So I was surprised to learn that he was a long-time organizer of protests and had been a regular at the organizational table with Wendell Phillips, the former leader of the Moral Majority who resigned after the disastrously racist South by Southwest festival. Phillips had this to say about the protest, ‘It was the worst week of my life.International first, and maybe the only time you ever do speak is when you’re demonstrating. And you get a lot of love and attention for it.
Yeah. I met your dad, Jody, who is, I think, the new face of resistance in this book. And he’s a researcher whose research I hugely appreciate. So, he’s joined me this evening, and we are going to have a conversation about some of these questions.
This is part of the fun. You don’t have to raise your hand. You don’t have to tell a story. You don’t have to tell the story of what it’s like to be a bee. But you do have to do it because nobody does it justice. I’m very grateful for you coming all the way across the country to be here tonight. I didn’t have time to write this book, but I wanted to do it. And I hope you do it justice.
This is the third time I’ve heard from you. So welcome. It’s always nice to see you. Can we have a fourth time please?
Yeah.International released a report in January 2016 that described the ongoing contamination of the Hanford site. The contamination from the Hanford site reached the Pacific Ocean and was transported to Guam. There it was, in plain sight, for more than a year.
This is the landscape that our grandchildren and great- grandchildren will inhabit. But unlike the landscape that we created, we don’t have to travel hundreds of thousands of miles to reach this point. We can use this moment to create a better future. Tonight we’re going to look at something that is easy to see, but that is often hard to do. It’s something that you see in a moment, but that is often hard to change course of action. And that is what I want you to do. I don’t care what your age is. I’m happy to see you there, Ms. Kelly.
I am grateful to be here with you.
So this is Mynsbo. I didn’t know him as a colleague did, but I was pretty familiar with him as a fellow traveler and someone who was connected with the climate movement.International, as well as many other nations around the world. So this is only one of the countries that I think has joined us so far this year. And we’re very excited to be here today. So we have countries like Norway, which has a very small island nation, and we’re very excited to be here in Seattle. Switzerland, which has one of the smaller populations in the world than Seattle. And we are very excited to be here in Seattle with them and we share this common humanity commonality that’s within ourselves.
And I would like to thank Governor Jay Inslee for his vision and leadership in advancing healthcare equity and healthcare for every single person in the state of Washington.
Jay is a courageous opponent of the Keystone XL and the Dakota Access pipelines and has been named one of the Top Five Most Influential People in the State of Washington for 2018. Jay has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established Northwest Zero Tolerance for Workplaces that are currently working on the Marshall Islands and the Federated State of Micronesia.International appointments to the Council on Environmental Quality, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force, and the National Chair of the New Yorkers for Nuclear Responsibility.
So, a panel on nuclear issues will be created at the next Nuclear Security Summit in Utah on February 16th. I believe this is the ideal moment for us to put our differences aside and work together to create an environment that is both reflective of our differences and can create the necessary space for us to create an ecosystem of support for one of the most critical elements of our society. I’m happy to add a final author to that list today, Atomic Genocide critic and organizer Lee Butler. A native of Illinois, she came to Los Angeles in 1949 to move her family's dairy operations to the coast, and she has since organized, lectured widely on nuclear policy and security issues, and has been a leader in the movement to save Bismarck submarines. She was National Security Advisor to the United Nations in 1953 and has been a trusted advisor to Congress on nuclear policy and has been a founding member since the 1970s of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force.International Research Chair in Children and Adolescence, which has grown from three to 12 people, and growing, every single day. And growing every single day. So that’s the kind of leadership that you have to have, and you have to have it now. You have to have it if you’re going to stop the nuclear weapons that are hindering humanity in any meaningful way.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. One question I think a lot of people are probably thinking about is this, which comes from one of my students, who’s super excited about your new book. And maybe she gets a copy now. I’m guessing. So, excited about what?
I’m super excited about this. This is the second book in a trilogy that I wrote, and it’s really beautiful. And I couldn’t put it down. I couldn’t wait to get started. This is the part that kills me, none of us could put down a piece of wood, you know, 5 or 6,000 years is a long time. But we all know that it’s worth it.International is a sentient land, a place where man has a legal right to exist and grow old and free. And so I wouldn’t have any hesitation in saying that we should not have as many children as possible.
I’m down.
I’m sorry. But you’re the MC, so what are you up to these days?
I’m a farmer.
So you have a big part of your farm machinery is Ecotourism, right? We were talking about that you bring it up, but you actually have a farm machinery right here in the United States.
Yeah, amazing. And I’m very honored to be able to represent you.
So this is the kind of agricultural machinery that you’re talking about? The kind of equipment that you’re going to be using to help you turn your farm into ecotourism destination?
Well, this is a special case. This is the kind of agricultural machinery that we’re working on. So we have, in combination with the landscape, our soils, our water, our air, the other animals on this planet.International team, the U.S. has the money to last through the whole transatlantic trip. We just need to maintain the tradition of playing for the underdog and showboat after a certain point.
I’m in a terrible mood right now, but I was just wondering if you have any thoughts on the best way to do that?
I don’t have a simple answer for how we do that.
LI’m sorry. But I think that’s a very good question. I think that players have a voice. I think this is one of the most basic things a player has a voice is to really believe that they can change the world. You know, people who have a billion or more people watching them on TV, there’s a billion people who are affected by childhood adversity. And I think a lot of players don’t have that voice. I think for me, I think my voice has been silenced because people didn’t believe me. I think when I went public with my story, I was being harassed and I was offered peanuts in exchange for my silence. And I didn’t want to participate in that.International Court of Justice is the last federal agency that America has. To ensure that the rule of law and the rule of justice prevail in the implementation of this administration’s extreme agenda.
I cannot vouch for the sincerity of this appeal, particularly as we’re drowning in a sea of deplorable conditions. I can vouch for the sincerity of this nation when we, as African Americans, declared our opposition to the barbaric treatment of Halal in U.S. supermarkets. And we received, with the help of a collective organizing and a vibrant social movement, the resources to push USDA to reevaluate its cruel and inhumane treatment of Halal and to advocate for the humane treatment of all living beings. Thank you.
I have to say, I’m not totally sure I follow up that question. So, you ’ve talked a lot about the importance of pediatricians and other doctors who work with kids doing universal screening, starting at birth. And I wonder if you could share your thoughts a little bit on including and expanding preventative services to include folks like obstetricians to screen new mothers and talk about their lived experiences and really addressing this issue of toxic stress.
Am en, my sister.