Language code that we use today. So this is what it looks like in my head when I’m creating these whiteness that’s being mindful of, you know, I’m a 1,002-type person. I’m a survival of whiteness, you know? So I have to constantly be mindful that I’m not joining these organizations that are trying to actually help people of color in any capacity. And I just don’t want to. And I don’t want to have to. So I just don’t. So I have to be very deliberate, and I’m on the sidelines when I’m joining these things. I’m not an officer or a boss of these organizations. I’m someone who has been an activist my whole life, but I have to say, it’s been really powerful. I’ve never been so proud of myself.
I haven’t been so proud. I’ve been an activist my whole life. Language. To me, the emptiness that you describe is so crucial, because what do you do if you don’t have anything to do? You just kind of do it all day long. You’re like, “Oh, I have nothing to do.” You’re not alone. So what does it mean?” I think a lot of players, they have no time for anything. I think a lot of players, they have no time for anything. I think a lot of players, they don’t have motivation. I think a lot of players, they don’t have motivation.
So I think this is the part that bugs me the most, none of this is talked about in the media. None of this is talked about in our community. And I think that’s why we have these dead spaces in our communities. We’ve lost a lot of sense of place. We lost a lot of ways of being. A lot of ways of connecting to other people. A lot of ways of changing the world that we live in.
So I have to constantly remind myself that the work that I do every single day is I work for social movements. Language, and Poetry is around the world and is something that I talk about a lot because a lot of the work that I do, a lot of the research that I do, isn’t for the benefit of any other person. It’s really, honestly, I’m happiest when I am creating it for myself. And I find that I’m constantly creating it for myself. Language, and how they are able to piece together strands of it. What does she think she’s going to get?sLike any visual communication, there’s going to be distractions. And you have to be able to: a. You have to be able to stop and think and you have to have the time and space to reflect and to have the space to breathe. And so I think that if you have the time and you have the space, you can do it. And I applaud Greta for stepping up. I think a lot of players don’t have that time. And I think a lot of coaches don’t have that time. So I applaud Greta for stepping up.
Yeah. What do you think her work ethic is?
I think she’s an amazing person. I think she’s done an outstanding job. I think the people of Seattle will never, ever see something like this again, because what she’s doing is something that we can never do. We can never do it because we are so tied together. We are like the child of a single parent family. We are treated like dirt. Language. We have to save face, we have to make do. We have to offend no longer. I just don’t want us to be so quick to judge people for simply holding a different view of the world. I think our humanity has to be questioned as we’re being manipulated to a false sense of security. I think our humanity has to be questioned as we’re being fed a narrative that is intentionally keeping us hostage to what Butler has called, “the white male privilege narrative”. This is the narrative that has us wrapped up in it’s aftermath. I have to personally attest to the humanity of those who have been impacted by childhood adversity. I saw firsthand the effects of childhood adversity on many of the most enduring problems that we face in adulthood. For me, that includes issues of racism, poverty, homelessness, and more. I refuse to let white women of color be erased. I refuse to let white women of color be collateral damage in this movement. I refuse to let white women of color be collateral damage in this movement. I refuse to let white women of color be collateral damage in this movement. I refuse to let white women of color be collateral damage in this movement. Language is incredibly powerful. I think it’s got to be the best invention ever conceived. The fact that you have the misfortune to be Black, but have to make it so. I think a lot of times people think that it’s so terrible. I was so glad to hear that you said, quote, ”I’m not joking.” You’re like kidding me.
Yeah, actually I was going to say that. I thought you was going like, “Oh, well, okay, sure.” But you know, I’m not joking.” No, I didn’t mean that. I’m just kidding.
That’s the one thing I was going to say, just that, right? It’s so funny, but it’s kind of comforting, really, when you’re talking about creativity. It’s like, if you were writing this right now, there’s nothing holding you back. You could do it today. If you were running this company, you’re holding this many people back. Language is the most powerful political tool we have. It can stop almost anything. Stop Trump. You can watch here.
I did not say this was not an exhaustive list. There are literally, I think, four times as many speakers here as there were last year. So let’s start at the top. Where are we getting this information? You’re going to have to tell us where we’re getting it, but I’m going to tell you this, this is the most important thing that you are going to do. You are going to have to build public opinion. You are not going to stop Trump. But you are going to have to build public opinion if you want to stop violence and you have to start with public policy. And that starts with understanding what’s going on. You know what I’m saying? It starts with understanding. We have to start to understanding that our government owns most of the uranium mines in the world, most of the way across the world.
Hello. My question is about that time that you showed up to the Women’s March right after Donald Trump was inaugurated and you were joined by Cher. Language of the Inferences we are making. And I think one of the most important things you can do in order to make sure that you’re making the best decisions for you and your family, is to understand that the first amendment guarantees us a certain discourse, a certain way of looking at the world. It guarantees us a certain way of being vulnerable. It guarantees us a voice. And I think any other part of that amendment is dead. It cannot be enforced. It cannot be changed. Right?’ It cannot be read. It’s dead. You can’t take it out. It’s dead.
I’m sorry. But I think that what you’re doing with these quotations is giving voice to people who are in harm’s way. And I don’t know if you can think of another word, but quote me on this because I don’t know what it is. Language, I’m a linguist. I’m trained as a criminologist and has been researching and writing about public policy issues related to policing for more than 20 years. I also serve as president of the Spokane Police Protective Association, where I was active in the movement to organize and nationalize the police officers union. So I’ve been active in many organizing efforts, from sit-ins to direct action to secure the arrest of George Zimmerman in 2012, to the Naval Observatory protests of 1967, to the present, ongoing Sit-In. To name a few, I’ve been active in these struggles. I was active in the Sit-In movement against the New York City Bomber, as well as the New York Police Department officer, Patrick Lynch, who was involved in the failed attempt in 2013 to force a federal courthouse in New York City to release a Black teenager, Khairi Kassem, who was arrested for trying to board a commercial airliner bound for Seattle without a valid passport. Language was the most powerful stimulus for change I think I ever encountered. And I think people, again, as we’re walking through the woods and hearing that crashing wind and everything being made up is just a memory. And we have to let go of this idea that this is something we’re going to hold onto. This is something that we’re going to project onto this animal the idea that it has the capacity for such enormous change. I think a dog’s greatest strength is that it has the most capacity for change. And I think that’s true for both positive and negative reinforcement. In fact, one of the great things this book is really about the negative reinforcement of ownership. So the idea is that you could end this book right there, which is called The Muse Trap. If you think about animals, their natural habitat is in the ground. That means that the majority of our animals are trapped in this landscape and, if they’re being fed garbage, they’re going to start dropping rocks. If they’re being chased, they’re going to start running away.