Law and Criminal Justice. And so for that, you’re absolutely right. For me, the arc is long and it bends toward justice. But I think it starts with an acknowledgement that this is a very simple and direct action. And it ends with an acknowledgement that those engaged in that work often are not angels of the same façade that they purport to be. And that change will happen only when we all commit to the work and are committed to changing the circumstances around us.
I think one of the most important things that we can do right now is make sure that our movements are strong and effective. Because I know a lot of you have been activists, you have probably been involved in a lot of different activities. And I’ll be there again tomorrow working with some of my students at the Community College across town. And I will be joined by a lot of other people. So let’s start again tomorrow with Scott.
Alright. Thank you for being here, Scott.
Again, thank you for such thoughtful responses. I’m sure you saw in the wake of Charlottesville, you’re just getting started.Law and Criminal Justice. It was a very, very significant moment for me, because it was, for me, the culmination of a long time of research. It was the realization that this is not enough. That this is not enough time. I have to also be active in the community and I’m glad to finally share this journey with you tonight.
You know, it took me a long time to write this book because I was afraid it would be boring. You know, it has, obviously, been 10 years. But I was afraid you might not get it if I didn’t do all of the work in the science. And I was afraid that if I didn’t do all of the work in the science, you wouldn’t get it. And I was right. You don’t have to read the entire book. All you have to do is look at one of the tables in the book. And I will make a brief appearance and then we’ll be reading. So, you know, if you are a scientist, you’re going to feel this way. If you are a clinician, you’re going to feel that way.Law and Criminal Justice, U.S. Department of Justice. Let’s see, I think for me, in terms of actually being there, being part of the action and being a catalyst for change, there’s three big ones. Number one, I am an advocate; I have a masters degree in Clinical Social Work. I work as a consultant on the Youth Justice Initiative and has been for the last four years, and it’s brought me much pleasure and great satisfaction to say the least. Three years into my career, I still come out every single day and I’m so lucky to have built this incredible movement. I’ve never been happier. Thank you.
I’m a big fan of your work. And I was surprised to learn that your professional background also intersects with this book. So, you learn the value of personal responsibility and the importance of doing it every day?
Oh, wow. Okay. This is a great question. You’re talking about the fact that my mother, who I idolize, sacrificed so much for this movement and has toiled away in the disability rights movement. And I think that’s another reason why I became an activist.Law and Criminal Justice.
Oh, great. So I thought that that was a little bit of a— Yeah. I was going to ask you about that, but you said, you said, “it’s a funny thing, but it’s also a beautiful thing.” And I was like, “Oh, that’s such a contradiction.” You say that, but then you go on to say, “Well, it’s a pity. It’s a pity, but it’s also a beautiful thing.” So I was like, “Yeah, yeah.” I was going to ask you about that. It’s a pity. It’s a tragedy.” You know, I couldn’t believe it.
It’s a pity, but it’s also a miracle. When I read that, I couldn’t believe it was real. I couldn’t believe they were making up all these statistics. I couldn’t believe it was just so many people who got arrested at gunpoint at Logan Airport.Law and Criminal Justice wasn’t. I think the first draft of that article I read was, “Oh, actually, it says there’s no such thing as racist cops.” Right?” So it went like this, I think, in that order. So I was like, “Oh, this is the order I’d read it in.” So I was like on the fence about it. And I was going to type it out. I was going to type it out.
It was actually just as a curiosity, I decided to track down your mother and ask her about it. And I’m not joking.
Yeah, I’m definitely not joking.
This is the worst day of my adult life.
This is the worst day of my adult life.
I’m off my game right now.
I didn’t want to do this.
I didn’t want to expose my children to this.
I don’t know what more evidence we need that police are involved in this culture of poverty and exploitation.Law and Criminal Justice, the two major anti-corruption movements in the country. The first, the Southern Poverty Law Center, has identified more than a thousand local and national politicians who have been implicated in some way in the illegal activity that has allowed the vast majority of our nuclear waste to be released into the atmosphere. The impact extends well beyond the climate impacts, either for human health or the environment. Our nuclear waste is the worst of what’s out there. It’s also the dirtiest. A report this week from the Government Accountability Institute found that, in all, the federal government spent $730 million on nuclear safety in fiscal year 2012, a figure that was four times higher than in any other year. And, in that same year, the Department of Energy spent $730 million on safety and integrity in the construction of the Hanford site. That same year, the Nuclear Information Organization of Japan (NIOSH) also raised serious concerns about the safety of the Hanford site, citing deficiencies in the maintenance of high level radiation exposure. Last August, the Nuclear Information Organization of the Japanese government likewise raised concerns, this time with the Nuclear Regulation Authority of Japan.Law and Criminal Justice Coordinator for the American Immigration Coalition, which has 2,600 chapters nationwide. He also serves as President of the Riverside Coalition for Peace and Justice, which has 2,500 chapters nationwide. You can see his website, www.rmj.org, which has a lot of good information about his work. So let’s hear from Phoenix first. Phoenix, welcome to all of us. You’re the Strategic Planner for our coalition as we’re about to embark on a new journey together. I knew you were going to be a key player in a lot of ways. What is your biggest challenge? What is your biggest challenge?
My biggest challenge is simply to stay confident in my ability to do the impossible and change the world. And I think that is all I can do. I can’t really say it because it’s a vicious circle of denial and destruction. I can’t change the course of events.Law and Criminal Justice, 2017. I did not work on this project. So I’m going to say, 2017 was a banner year for effective law and policy, but it was also a banner year for many other reasons. Among those, one of the biggest was the success of the Women’s Law Project, which went from having just 13 elected officials on the national level of representation at the State and local level, to having 500 elected officials around the country. One of those elected officials was United for Peace and Justice Executive Director Shannon Watts. And after a bitter fight, and a great many defeats, including in the Senate, where we had the unfortunate misfortune to lose the only vote we needed to pass the Violence Against Women Act of 2016, we were joined by 130 of our colleagues who were either not from this country, or who took no action for fear of losing their jobs.
This is what impact we had at the State level. In some of these fights, like the ones that we had on the Nuclear Weapons Task Force, we had the good sense to not take any position, but we would see some ugly results.Law and Criminal Justice reform is a bottom up movement built on the backs of the poor and vulnerable. Black Lives Matter as a movement has exposed police brutality as something deeper and more pernicious in American society, but it has also emboldened a generation of young people to follow suit and become politically engaged with the issue. The emergence of BLM as a viable political option for reform of the criminal justice system is rooted in the fact that—as one of the main factors in the rise of the movement was its accessibility and mobilization on the part of the poor and working class white people. The overwhelming majority of young people did not have access to a job or training that would allow them to implement the reforms that the movement advocated. The vast majority of young activists were frustrated and angry. They saw little chance of changing the status quo of policing or the criminal justice system because—as one young Black woman put it—[I]f we had the votes, we could have just gotten the bills…We had to have the movement, because we couldn’t get the support of the senators we needed. We had to organize, because we couldn’t get our voices heard. We had to mobilize, because we weren’t getting funded.Law and Criminal Justice, the Congressional Black Caucus, and so many other organizations have also signed on.
So strong is this movement based on the false premise that it can’t happen in America. As I said, I was raised without a firearm in my home and unfortunately, that’s a fact. There is no way to protect myself or my loved ones without a firearm. So this is why we are here. This is why I started the Center for Youth Wellness, this is why you will see us at the anti-gun violence rallies. This is why we have organized protests all over the country. And we have had success. I have to say, it’s not always been easy. But I think it’s been something like remarkable. I’m not trying to say that the anti-gun violence work isn’t complicated. It’s really hard. I moved to Seattle with my wife, which was not an easy decision to make. I remember being in a meeting, I will admit, I was a nervous wreck.
And yet, here we are. We’ve been joined by our two senators, who are joining us are Senator Murray and Senator Cantwell.