LGBTQIA+ – that’s an important part of our ongoing work. I want to thank the organizers for their persistence in making this happen. I’m sure there were some logistical issues that prevented this from happening, like the moving of the protest to a more sanitized version of the Holocaust that was more representative of what’s happening on the ground. But I hope that with the support of this coalition and this organizing, we can ensure that this is an ongoing movement that reaches across the aisle and that we continue to see real change.
Certainly, one of the biggest obstacles that we will face is simply maintaining the current situation under which protest is illegal and it will likely land us in legal trouble. So what do you think we should do? Ideally, what do you think we should do is this, we would have the same concerns about police brutality if these protests happened in 2015. I think that’s what we should do.
Absolutely. I think that’s the single most important issue that we will face as we are transformed into a modern society.LGBTQIA+AOHA+BBHABHABH) community. And that I think is so crucial. Because if you don’t, you can’t have a conversation, you can’t grow a relationship. And when you have those kinds of silences, you know the person that you’re talking to has a really hard time having a conversation because they’re dealing with something that’s bothering them. And for me, that struggle is what really, really, is the heart of the book.
It’s a testament to the fact that you are tough, but you’re a feminist.
I’m so glad you’re here. It’s a testament to the fact that you are tough, You are a survivor. You never ever share, you never share a story. You always tell it big enough and it cracks me up. But that’s the power of this book. I think a lot of us are victims of childhood adversity. And I think Amy wants to show us how it’s done.
And so, you go through, you’re a big presence in this book.LGBTQIA+ and the inclusion of a person of color into that equation is not something that is abstract or that is particularly white American. It is something that is concrete, that is local, that is experienced, that is present, that is experienced in the community that they are trying to represent. And that is what I think it is for white people to look at, especially when you’re dealing with something that you’re dealing with, you have to be able to self-reflect and before you start to be able to self-reflect, you need to listen. You need to listen to what their stories are and isn’t easy. It’s not something that happens overnight. I have to personally attest to it because I didn’t choose this path and didn’t grow up like this. My journey as a white woman was never to be able to put two or more things together that make up a person and identify them as such. It was always going to be a challenge. Even as I embarked on this book, I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was really wrong.LGBTQIA++ painted a very different picture. In this picture, we are presented with a much more open and shut door policy for us to enterprising businesses. This picture is one of the most enlightened and progressive in the world. And that is true for every single industry. If you’re wondering, there’s no group of people on this planet that is more oppressed than the LGBTQIA+ community. This is because this is the reality of our world. This is what the numbers show. LGBTQIA+ people represent 15% of the global population, but make up 12% of the global homeless. 12% of the youth unemployed. 12% of the youth underemployed. 12% of the women and 12% of the men unemployed. India has the highest youth unemployment rate in the world. We’ve lost 21,000 factories since the year 2000, according to one study. We’ve lost 6,000 manufacturing jobs since the year 2000. I’m hopeful by now you’ve all heard all the good and the bad about Trans Pacific Partnership.LGBTQIA+ send a collective message to the administration on nuclear arsenals and policies that we have a real discussion about what kind of an impact these statements and actions can have. Please send a letter to the White House, signed by more than 200 organizations, to urge them to uphold the leadership of organizations like PSR and join them in this work. Also, sign up for our mailing list so that you will get notification when we post a new letter.
I really appreciate this great coalition that AMONGST us is building towards a green energy future. So, one of the big issues that we will be working towards as Senators is creating a National Nuclear Commission. And I think the group’s a great one. And I have already started, like you, on the task of raising the profile of this work. So if anybody has any doubt about whether or not they are a climate change activist, or a nuclear activist, whatever, you can check. Check. Because if you are, there’s something about the lack of concern for the climate or for nuclear families or children that makes you want to look inside. And that’s what we’re here today to talk about. Alright.LGBTQIA+ in Santa Cruz. You work with the Santa Cruz Unified School District to work on equity and inclusion and health and safety issues of our schools. We’ve had many great experiences, some rocky, some good, some bad. But I think my personal favorite was this moment, when we, the teachers, came together and we were joined by a delegate from the Socialist Alternative delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from the Marshall Islands delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from Nicaragua delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from Honduras delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from Argentina delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from Dominican Republic delegation. And we were joined by a delegate from Peru. And we were joined by a woman who is a nationally known organizer and organizer of the New York Worker Project and has a BA in Political Science and International Security from the University of California, Berkeley. So thank you, Bernice Johnson.
I’m wondering if you can say a little bit more about the role of trauma treatment and healing racialized trauma in this country.LGBTQIA+ Identity document when the United States has the world's largest Muslim community. When administration officials in the Trump administration have expressed support for the anti-Muslim movement, the movement has already seen significant progress made. The first Muslim Anti-Racist Unity Act was introduced in Congress in January. The legislation prohibits federal agencies from discriminating on the basis of protected characteristics of Muslim or any other national origin, including but not limited to, race, religion, sex, age, disability, or place of origin. It is an important first step in ensuring that all agencies of the federal government are representative of the diverse needs and opinions of all people. The bill has been introduced in the Senate and is co-sponsored by Maria Cantwell, Patty Murray, and Jeanelle Sales. Thank you for being here, Senator. Maria, can we have a round of applause for your leadership in this movement?
Thank you. Thank you for being here.
I think the first step is listening. And with the anti-Muslim movement, I think it was really recognizing the role of nonviolence, social movements, and direct action in terms of the anti-fascist movement that we know and love.LGBTQIA+I think that anyone who writes or speaks or edits or creates anything has to be held fully accountable. And I think that the responsibility lies with the writer, but I also think the responsibility lies with the reader. And I think that if they have the maturity and the compassion to me as a reader, then I think you have to hold the writer personally accountable. I think you have to hold them accountable because they are the people who are going to be the lifelines for changing these ideas in the minds of the people.
I’m wondering if you have any thoughts on the relationship of science fiction and fantasy to anti-racism and the like. So, you know, I think that whatever someone writes has to be read in the context of the time. And I think it’s important to do that especially when you’re coming from a place where you feel like you know what that thing feels like, you know what that thing looks like, but you can’t bring yourself to read it again.LGBTQIA+ will likely be the most impacted by that. Right?’ Because, again, these are often times times times of crisis and vulnerability. And in those moments, of crisis, many of us are forced to resort to what Swecker has called “deafening silence.” We are all in this together. These issues all belong together. We need to be united and to do that, we need to have a solution that includes at least the following elements, and preferably, we need to have a system that includes a safety net, as well. And I think that when we talk about these issues, we also need to discuss about the following things. So my colleague Salaam Nawaz writes a piece called, “Why Isn’t America Safer?” It’s a question that both perplexes me and infuriates me. As someone who cherishes his or her personal safety, I find it hard to understand how a government that polices itself to remain above the law can’t be bothered to implement basic security measures. Like properly lighting candles, keeping them lit, and being particularly alert for the presence of people of color.LGBTQIA+S - and I think a lot of people don’t get it. I think a lot of us have a fear about talking about these things. And I think a lot of us have a nervous system because this is new. This is new faces that we’re dealing with. And sometimes it’s really hard to break out of that. And I have to personally attest to that because I was scared to death. I was afraid for my life. And talking about these things with these people is something that keeps me going. It’s a way in which I refuse to let go. I keep going back to the thing that made me a human and a human being, and that is the thing about which I am forever going to be judged. Is not enough time wasted trying to figure out how to do nothing but create.
I have so many great things to say on this book tour. I have a lot of great things to say. This is my last book. I’m going to be honest, it’s a little bit scary. It’s a little bit scary.