Local local growth is the key to combating climate change and ensuring that we are a green economy that works for the community.” Green Growth is the key to transforming our current energy systems in an environmentally sustainable way that restores the carbon sequestration in the atmosphere, and is a mechanism that ensures that our communities remain green and healthy long into the future. I hope this briefcase holds up. It’s a small detail, but it’s an important detail because it’s going to be transforming the way our communities are managed for our children and our people. And you can’t replace the land, you can’t replace the water, you can’t replace the climate. You can’t replace humanly possible. And that is why I have a simple message for climate negotiators at the climate summit in Marrakech tomorrow. That is, don’t forget about the climate. We are the only ones who can actually see that climate change is a serious threat to humanity and that we have a simple message for the climate negotiators at the climate summit in Marrakech tomorrow.Local’s Best: The Best of What’s Happened So Far This Summer.
Yeah. So this is me, my husband, and my daughter as usual. But this is Taylor. So this is her mother. And she is just as usual. I’m sure you all saw her reaction when she first saw that a drone was coming back that landed safely, but she was a little taken aback by it. And rightfully so. I think most people who fly a drone probably have at least one incident like this. In fact, most unmanned aerial vehicles are probably very safe. But for some of us, we have an acute awareness of the things that could go wrong and how to deal with that. And that doesn’t happen. We sit up here and we talk through that. I think you have to have an awareness of that and be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time for it’s impact to change.
I’m always willing to refine that, but last night we had a long talk about that particular subject and I think we came out of it with a more interpretative mindset.Local. They have a long history of being marginalized and excluded from any meaningful participation in local politics. Particularly given that the vast majority of these communities are rural, sparsely populated places where collective land and resource failures are common. Newmont workers have been overwhelmingly white for decades, dating back to the steel and concrete industry that produced the nuclear weapon that was used to drop the atomic bomb that killed hundreds of thousands of people in Hiroshima.
As I wrote in my book, Imperialism Comes Back, the Cold War ended almost exactly where it began, in a place that neither side wanted it to end. The tension between the Cold War leadership that wanted to see it continue, and the growing disillusionment that followed the failure of the nuclear disarmament movement, was never going to be solved by simply appending another phrase to the Cold War lexicon. The contradiction that the collapse of the Soviet Union and the subsequent collapse of the Warsaw Uprising put into reverse, if anything, made it stronger than it had ever been before. This was the year 2000, and the year 2000 was when we were saddled with the consequences of our Cold War indecision.Local People have had to endure the Slavery and Jim Crow Divisions in the United States--divisions that still exist today, for example, in Brown v. Board of Education, or in the cases of Skutnik and Grutter, the fate of which hangs in the balance. In the wake of this election, I think many students of color felt emboldened to go further and try to make a difference, even if they weren’t necessarily sure what they were doing or how they were able to connect with others. I think this is why, honestly, I wasn’t sure I wanted to be a public school teacher. I didn’t know if I could actually change the course of events or if I was just lucky and the election of a new president would result in the change of public opinion. So I went with the belief that I could bring something that was missing in my life, something that was pushing me away, that I was close to despair. And that by being a community activist, I had a voice that I could share. And I think that’s what made me a stronger teacher, because I knew that my students were going to listen to me and be influenced.Local cannabis clubs in Portland, Oregon have sprouted up overnight, with people from as far away as Nevada and as close as San Francisco dreaming of opening their doors to serve everyone. Organizers in Seattle have organized a protest, and the day after the election of Donald Trump, hundreds of thousands of people all over the country mobilized for free elections, and people from all walks of life mobilized for social movements. I’ve just spent 20 minutes in the cramped space that is the Campaign Zero office in Seattle, and I can tell you that the reaction there was historic. It wasn’t spontaneous. There was no doubt. We had a dedicated team in place, and we just poured all our energy into getting the word out and making sure that we captured the imagination of the right people. And we were absolutely flying. I mean, this was before the election results, but just the sheer volume of people matter. And so we were on the move and I think that’s what made us a unique team.Local. This is the district where, prior to the Trump Inauguration, there was a huge mobilization for one of the earliest town halls. We were scheduled to be there by November. And because I was not able to make it to the event, I’m not sure if I was able to reach out to the other delegates there. But regardless, I can say that whatever enthusiasm there was for a political party initially was translated into actual movement power. And I think that’s something that’s largely forgotten.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. One of the things that came up a lot in this book is the history of protest, protest and movements. So, I was raised in a protest family, in a protest home. My sister, who is my mother’s voice, was always up there. She was always trying to get people to understand that this is not something that they’re going to lightly throw around and not expect results. I think that’s what made her a formidable opponent. But also, she was always willing to find creative ways to bring that activism back to the community where it exists.Local police responded to protests with militarized policing. The militarized response came, primarily, they said, to clear the streets of groups that posed a risk to the status quo. Organizers asked, what are we doing now? The answer is obvious. We’re trying to build the mass movement. And so that means we’re going to have to broaden our critique to include all sorts of intersecting issues, from the climate to the harsh realities of everyday life. Because when we look at the climate impact of this government, we’re not alone. We are affected by it, and we are all playing a part in creating the problem. So the climate movement had better prepare itself for a very different kind of climate movement. The climate movement had better prepare itself for a movement that is as big and as effective as the one that comes tomorrow.
So the climate movement made some serious missteps. They failed to secure the attendance of high-level climate negotiators in the current round of climate talks in Lima, Peru. They failed to secure the attendance of State Department officials when they tried to organize a protest at the US embassy in Lima, Peru, on December 8th, 2015.Local tears for our troops. We lost a friend, a brother, a father, and a husband. I feel a lot of ways about this book. I’m not trying to hide the way that I feel. I’m candid. I tell this story because it’s very powerful. It’s a long time coming, but we are finally there. I think people, even some conservatives, were nervous about the idea of a Black president. And rightly so. The last thing we need right now, as we’re starting to see real change in the way that we do things, is a situation where we have the hots for the first Black president. No, I’m not joking. That’s real. Right.
I’m just trying to imagine what it’s like to be Black and live in the United States. And I can’t wait to see what Black journalists and activists have to say about this.
Nah, I’m not joking. That’s real.Local writers and activists were quick to point out, with the help of data mining and social media, that the situation in Flint, Michigan is far worse than the data suggest. The crisis in Flint, Michigan is so severe that a federal judge recently declared a public health emergency because the water in some of the city pipes, a fact that Wasilla, the traditional tribal community, itself is plagued by lead contamination.
According to a report by the United Nation’s Children’s Fund, 504 families have been pulled from their children’s lives because of these pipes. A pipeline leak in August 2015 killed four people and sent thousands of gallons of water into a forested area where residents are still waiting to be notified about the next steps in the pipe replacement.
Today we’re going to hear from First Nations Child Advocate Marie-Laurent Flueger, who has a particular interest in the case of Laquan McDonald, who was killed by police in Chicago. As you listen to this podcast, you will hear Laquan McDonald speaking to us, and Laquan McDonald being pulled from his mother and thrown into a police car.Local O) or something like that. There’s like the once upon a time when I worked in Parks and Recreation, and we used to be really good about managing the closure of our national parks. And that was because we had to deal with the impact of nuclear waste on our region. And so we had to be really good stewards of this resource and we had to be resilient in the face of things like climate- changing pollution. And we had to keep this resource on the ground. And this is what we talk about when we’re talking about cleanups. This is the same thing that we’re doing to cleanup the air in the Seattle area. So we’re saying, “How can we ensure that our resources are properly spent?” We have to find a way that we do a better job of ensuring that our resources are used for the public good.
I read this someplace, so it sounds like you have a fantastic climate desk. I’m sure you’ve got a long history with this. This is the third climate desk I’ve seen in the last week.