Math can be a magical time, a magical time to be a Hawk. Especially when we compare notes on what it’s like to be a Hawk. First of all, let’s talk about the smell too. When you’re reading, you’re absorbing all kinds of information about the place where you are and the people, the places where you have been, the things you see, the smells you smell, it’s hard to stay away from that. So you have a chapter in your book called “Scent Locomotion”. Talk about the chapters there. There’s a voice in the book that speaks for me because I absolutely love the smell of her hair.
The chapter on smell, yeah. It’s so good. And she is like the Scent Train.
I didn’t even know she had a chapter in there.
Oh, okay. Well, it’s great. Anyway, I got a lot of questions about that. And this is the first time I’ve heard her speak, actually. Math) has developed a test to measure the cognitive fatigue associated with working in noisy environments. And you can take it at work and you can take it at home. You can take it at work and remember to exercise, or you can just not do it and you will hit the mental health home run. (…) So the first piece of this puzzle is getting good at not being a total bore and just releasing into the world what you are trying to do all day long. And what I think is essential for any of us is just being willing to dedicate ourselves to change, working so that we can dedicate ourselves to finding solutions, to building the fortitude to change the circumstances around us so that we are truly the change we want to see in our world.
Hello. My question is about something that, I feel like, is frequently talked about, but I haven’t personally experienced it. And I apologize if this is something you feel like me, but I’ve never had it be a priority. I feel like you have a lot of stuff to do, but we get to spend so much time talking about housing and homelessness and all of these other issues, that it’s really hard to get down and dirty. Math because the medical community did not have that training. And you’re seeing the medical community come in and just do all these interventions, administer all these tests, gather all this information and present it to the government and to the researchers and to the other stakeholders. And you have to make sure that the interventions that we have in place are working. And we are the ones who are going to be the gatekeepers of this. We are the ones who are going to keep saying, “These are the tests we’re doing. And these should be adequate to stop this from happening.” We are not the gatekeepers. We are here to say, “Yes, this is an issue. Yes, this is a crisis. Yes, you have real people on this planet.” We are going to need to collectively decide to implement MedEvolve into the landscape. And we are going to need the public will to step up and be engaged in this work. But at the moment, all we have are questions and answers. And most of the environmental movement is still coming together, after all these years, to finish what they started.
Yeah. Talk about that. Math. By this time, you probably have a pretty good idea of what that word means. It’s a really interesting word because it has a very abrupt change in sound when you try to talk to a dog about something that they’re doing. And you can hear the dog being a dog, right? They’re just not intending to say it like that. So it’s a word that’s very abrupt. It has a definite “ĝ sound in it. That’s what our ancestors were used to hear when they were catching bees. And so that was a word that was just going to be accepted as a regular word in our community. And I think that’s what happened. The second half of your question?
Explain.
Well, I don’t know if this is a good word, but’s a very abrupt change in sound when you’re talking to a dog. And we have to kind of work through that and make sure that we are retaining that vocabulary. And we are trying to think about how we think about dogs and dogs and humans in relation to one another. Math, I can’t believe I’m writing this again.” But that’s the beauty of it. I have a thirteen year-old son. That doesn’t mean I have to explain it to him.
It means I can’t believe I have to explain it to him.
It means I have to be quiet for you.
It means I don’t have to explain it to him.
It means I will lose my mind right now, everything you just said was just incredible.
It means I got to shut up, man.
It means the arc of my book, it was supposed to be for my son, but I got so involved in it that I literally had to say, “I’m not going to call you Dad. I’m going to call you Shooter.” And I was like, “Okay, okay. Ijeoma, you’re my first grade teacher. Mathgee, who is now a professor of sociology at the University of Washington. She wrote an excellent article in this book outlining the ways that Black women and girls in the Pacific Northwest experienced gender-based violence and exploitation in the construction of the Hanford site. She was born in the US and raised in the Marshall Islands and considers both places to be her home. She served as a consultant to the Marshall Islands National Nuclear Commission, which prioritizes the well-being of our nation’s Marshallese and our indigenous communities. She cofounded organizations that advocate for the health and well-being of our children, our elders, and we are proud to say that she is also a founding member along with her husband, Dave Hall, of the Spokane Legacy Institute. Together, they provide leadership to the Spokane Legacy Network, a Spokane-based organization that advocates for the health and well-being of our nation’s nuclear veterans and prepares them for the hazards that they will inevitably face as they wait to get checked for radiation exposure. You can learn more and join them at the Spokane Legacy Institute, or you can find them on the floor of the Spokane Tribal Nation Convention Center. Math. And so I’m wondering, you know, you’ve been on this journey of wanting to understand this, but knowing that it’s really difficult, you know, it takes work. What is the right number of books a year for scientists, writers, etc, to be effective? You’ve got there, you’re doing great, and you can’t do it alone.
There’s a lot of work involved. I think a lot of scientists would argue that it takes a lot of work to try to persuade a public. You can do it, but it takes a lot of work. And part of the reason is that, often in order to get something through a pea, you have to have a snowball effect. You have to have public opinion, which means you have to convince them that this is a problem. And in order to persuade them, you have to present it to them in a way that makes them feel good, and then you have to present it to them with action steps that they can take. And often, what we present to them is not what we would present to the American public. Mathtery would be incredibly cute and we’ve never even heard of the school. I’m so glad you do have a science curriculum. And I hope you teach there too.
I teach science to my students and I also work with them in developing interventions for them. So I think both of those things would be amazing. So we’re in a weird place because I know that the overwhelming majority of us would love to do nothing but teach our kids, right? And so I get conflicting messages about, “Do you want to do it,” and then we’re like, “Okay, teach them.” And so I’m wondering if you feel like that is a problem or if you feel like you can’t teach them because they’re not communicating. And you say that out loud and you get feedback. So I’m wondering if you feel like that’s a problem or if you feel like you can’t tell them the truth because they are not communicating. Mathre in the UK is the founder and former Chair of ActionAid UK and former Chief Executive of the National Organisation for Women. He has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of domestic and international surveillance. He was National President of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business from 2003 to 2005. He and his wife are also board members of Phoenix Rising, a national grassroots organization that strives to secure the appointment of a Transatlantic Justice to ensure that the Marshall Islands are placed on a watch list of nations whose citizens are most in need of protection.
In 2003, the Marshall Islands became the first Pacific island state to ratify the London Convention on Human Rights. Since then, we’ve had hearings on numerous other important human rights issues. Our laws are the most progressive in the Caribbean and the Dominican Republic, according to the Economist. Our government is the only one of any significance in the Marshall Islands that does not serve as a pariah state to many African nations or Latinx nations. We are also one of the most racially and ethnically diverse populations in the Caribbean and Dominican Republic, according to the 2014 American Community Survey. So this is not a small group of nations that all have one type of problem or one type of failure. Math. Now, you just tweeted a link to that article. So take a bow. What’s next?
I’m busy building a new humanity. I’m in a place right now where I’m fighting incredibly hard to build a better humanity. So I’m not really sure. I think a lot of us are. I think part of that is just the commitment to change that we have to make in our own lives. And I think another big part of that commitment is the hope that we will start to think less of ourselves and more of each other. So I think a lot of us are in this kind of crisis management problem. I think a lot of us are suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. It’s a serious mental illness.
I think one of the big pieces of this book is going to be talking about the emotional trauma. I think one of the things that this book really does is it shows us what it’s like to be in a place where we have no control. You know, I think that’s a huge part of what it is.