Memoirs of a Geisha is a book that really brings the history of that era back to us, and it is wonderful. I hope it finds you a place where you can read it and feel inspired to go into more of a historical narrative.
Yeah. So this is the text that I wrote it in my head, and I hope it finds a way to find a way to connect with people. Because a lot of us are used to being transfixed by the sounds around us, and the sounds around us have changed. But when I get in a rage, I get in a rage because I’m not doing the things that I used to do. And I write a book, I get off on a rant, I’m affected by things. And I start writing, I get down, mentally ill, whatever. I’m not having those experiences. And so I’m just going to have to do what I’m doing it for the dogs. For the dogs, I’m not having those experiences. I’m not going to sit there and have those dogs be affected by it. You know, I get it. It’s a physical thing.Memoirs of a Korean War Vet. I’m an intern and the founding Executive Director of the Cold War Chicago Chapter, Cold War is Futile. We raise funds for educational programs, creates opportunities for students to connect with history, reminds us that the cold war ended with an armistice, one that we should review, one that we should enact National Security Strategy in 2018. Thank you.
Hello and Greetings from 350 Chicago. It’s an honor to be here with all of you at the People’s Town Hall on Nuclear Weapons here on the lakefront. It’s the only town hall I’ve been to where all of you are invited. So thank you for that. Lisa, you’re the MP foring. Gosh, I’m so glad to finally be here. Lisa is a treasured colleague of mine atsand I work on a Nuclear Weapons Task Force and has joined us a relatively short time ago and you can see what she’s contributed already. So she has already stepped up, obviously, a lot. So what’s next? I have two questions.Memoirs of a Homicide Detective. So there’s this whole chapter on her memoirs. And I was like, she has a lot of words.
I think this is the most fascinating chapter. She is like the Applebee’s of the family. I don’t know if you hear this, but the farmers in this chapter, there’s one of them is Billie Holiday.
Yeah. She is a senior. She is representing the interests of the Spokane Tribe and other tribes around the nation in these discussions. I didn’t know that she was representing us.
So she is, is she representing us?
I didn’t hear that. But she is.
I’m going to tell a little story. The first time we were all introduced as equals, I think I was like, “O.K.” But it was like, “No, you are not.” And at that point I was like, “Okay, okay. Let’s start this at three.” And you know, I was like frustrated because I had just grown up like that.Memoirs of a Black Revolutionary, offered an interesting counterpoint. In one of the chapters, she writes that, as she listened to Dr. Burke talk about the role of protest and the importance of collaboration, she wonders aloud why there wasn’t a protest at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. Why, she asks, wasn’t this the day?
I have a really interesting story about how this all came together. It was a very, very long time ago. I think I remember, I was a member of the Boston Organizing Committee, we formed in Cambridge in 1969 to protest the wars in Vietnam. It was the largest protest we had ever had, probably in US History. I was part of the first big wave of protest that we had against the Vietnam War, on the US Postal Service Bill Maher’s filibuster, and we were joined by a lot of other people. And we were joined by a lot of other organizations. And we had a huge impact. I think in that day, there was a real decision being made in the United States about what kind of protest it was going to be.Memoirs of a Black Girl, edited by Suzi Perry and published by Vintage. Suzi is a Winnie Byng Centennial Professor of American History and Culture at the University of Washington. She also serves as a founding member along with her mother, Rosalind, as a steering committee member for the Pulitzer Prize winning magazine article "Where Are We? Where Are We Going?," published in 2012. She has a BA in Political Science and Religion from Texas State University. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Who is this?
This is my second appearance on this stage. This time, I was born in the U.S.A. and raised in the Marshall Islands and consider myself an Alaskan Native woman. And this is my third attempt at a Native woman. I was raised as a Mason and I went to a bunch of protests for the tribes and they wanted me to identify as a Mason first and foremost. So I was pulled away from my children, my brothers and me as one of those protesters and I was dragged into this whole identity crisis.Memoirs of a South African Chef. I don’t know if you have seen it. It is amazing. Anyway, I have to admit, I was a complete skeptic of the book. You know, I was like, is this, is this, is this? And then I finally got a chance to look at it and it is just so atypical of you to believe that you could read a book called Your Inner Farmer and it would convince you that you should not be doing this. It’s like, your inner farmer is a writer. You should really be doing some of this self-reflection now. You should be doing this work, you’re not fooling anybody. You should be doing this work, cooking is very simple. You should be doing this self-examination and this journey that you’re on now. And hopefully that will help somebody else get through this difficult time in their life.
I’m glad you said it. So, one of the things that I think is sort of this rising concern about writing versus foodie. There’s a rise of foodie culture in this country. It’s rising up in our communities.Memoirs of a Black Revolutionary. We went to Haiti to help them combat the slave trade. I was born in Hawaii and I was raised in Hawaii and I have a degree in Philosophy from the University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa. I have been an active member of the Hawaiian Fry and Plastic Surgery Group and the Healthcare Professionals for Responsible Medicine since the early 1980s. In 1993, we formed the Hawaii Fry and Plastic Surgery Office which still exists today. Over the years, we have seen progress made. The first Hawaii to receive an Onsite Laboratory for Toxicology Training was in 1991. Since that time, we have seen great progress with that lab. We have seen the training of more analytical minds and we now have labs in places like Boston, Montreal, and Reykjavik where we work. In fact, in the process of writing this book, I got involved in writing the book because I had just arrived at the lab, just starting to do my own research. And I was taking notes and I stumbled across one of those infographics things that I was researching the history of childhood adversity and it was the type of thing that you would see in the South Seas or something.Memoirs of a Homicide, the final chapter of which reads, “In the name of Trayvon Martin, Black lives matter.” It’s a line that both recognizes the humanity of Black people and why they were murdered and why they were resisting the murder of Black women and children around the world, but also the impossibility of reaching an impartial jury when Black lives matter was being actively sabotaged on every single level. It reads like a true account of what really happened that day, what really happened that night, as opposed to what some people want you to believe happened. I’m tired of hearing people try to pin this on me; my account is not fictional. My account is true.” And so for me, that chapter was a very, very difficult, emotional chapter. I think every single person in this room knew it was going to be a very difficult chapter. This was something that was really hard to fathom, you know, 8 years later, people are still trying to make sense of it. You know, people still trying to make sense of it.Memoirs of a Chinese Emigrant. I think it’s important to do that because we can’t really do it without them.
We have to have that relationship because I think a lot of us are wired to not let them go. We have to keep them close. We have to schedule those disruptions so that they don’t happen accidentally. And you’re showing that you have that vulnerability in this book. That you have to always be aware of what they’re doing, what they’re saying, what they’re doing on the phone, what they’re doing in your home. And I think a lot of times, you know it and they know it.Memoirs of a Geisha, "The first story is about the cogent and colorful arguments that drove me to write longer essays on race and literature. The second story is about the effort it took and the persistence of the advocacy that I needed to create the First Amendment Defense Force. The story of how we wound up where we are today is one of the most enduring and significant challenges we will ever face.” A brief history of the project and of our response to it is chartered in part by a question that Druckermann asked in 1968 at the Munich Security Conference, when the United States were still trapped in the cold war with the rise of the Red Guard. What is your assessment of the current state of strategic nuclear arsenals and missile subs? Just a few words would be helpful.
As we have seen, the strategic landscape has changed dramatically in the past decade. The new reality of zero upper levels of control has been exposed and criticized time and again. A 2008 State Department cable published in Foreign Affairs magazine described a picture of a bleak future without nuclear weapons. The authors wrote, “We now live in a world where almost all nuclear arsenals are defunct or nearly unused.