Music, and talking about how that impacts you and your family. But you’re also aware that there’s a lot of things that are affecting you right now, right? You’re getting ready for the next chapter, you’re getting ready for the next chapter, you’re thinking about the weather, and everything’s going great. And then all of a sudden, you get disconnected. I’m not trying to disconnect you from the community, you know? I’m very connected to it because my wife is here every single day. She’s my heart and soul, and I play for the Chicago Cubs. I’m not playing for the Seattle Mariners or the Colorado Rockies. You know? That’s a hard thing to fathom, you know? When you hear that a guy like Paul Pierce is willing to hold a clipboard to my face and tell me I need to shut up, that I need to shut up, you think me being a media person is so very different.” Right.Music Has Nothing On'’s List Of Things That Have To Go.sThe words are short and powerful. I have to remind myself that a lot of things that I do have to balance out the things that I can’t be summed up in one word. I just have to remind myself that a lot of stuff has to happen for me to feel whole. And I have to do it in the right ways and do it in the right time. And I have to also remind myself that not everybody can do it. There’s no magic wand. There’s no panacea. I think a lot of what we have to do is understand that there’s a problem and then do something about it. And here’s what I’m going to ask you to do. I’m going to ask you, first of all, to make a series of requests that are concrete, measurable, measurable in the sense that you could implement them in a week. And you would have to provide measurable progress in terms of measurable outcomes. So the first request is simple.Music’s about building a lot of stuff—both on the ground and on the moves—that we can be excited about and energized about. And I think the ground game work right now, especially inroads that we’re making in certain states and in particular in this is really critical. Because in order for us to really move forward in a way that is sustainable and that is change-making. You know, if you’re not having that dialogue, you’re not going to have a movement. You’re not going to have an impact. And I think that’s what this book is really about is creating that dialogue.
So the fossil fuel industry, I have to say, I’m probably not going to get a ticket to this event even though it’s technically my show. It’s the climate march, if you’re not doing the climate march, you’re not going to change the course of events. So I will say this, the climate march did have an impact. I think it had the potential to dramatically alter the course of events.Music, the fact that you have large multidisciplinary teams and large crowds of people behind you is amazing. And I don’t know very many people have that kind of support.
I appreciate that part. Yeah. I think that is why I did come up with the idea of bringing in a bunch of my students and giving them the same resources in terms of schedule and so forth, but one of the big pieces was actually the book. And I think that was one of the most difficult things that that we had to work on together. Because, you know, there’s a lot of talk. It’s a long game. I think I’m going to sound like a broken record, but I really do think that you have to balance all that stuff and realize that students of color are the key to healing racial divisions and creating a space where all of us are able to go and find solutions. And I think that’s what I wanted to talk about, because there’s a lot of misinformation out there about what it’s like to be a Black Lives Matter activist.Music Black bodies, the bodies of the people of color, have been erased from existence in the United States. This is the poorest country in the history of humanity and yet, we still find ways to exert our power. We still find ways to exercise our power in the most oppressive way possible. And hopefully those ways are educational and transformational. I would add that if we are to have a racially inclusive and equitable educational environment, all students should be given the same amount of space and opportunity as any other student. And I think that every single student of color should be given the same amount of space and opportunity to succeed. And I think that if we have any hopes of truly transformative change happening, we have to give every single student a platform to succeed. And if I were giving this presentation a hundred years ago, I would not have mentioned the names of Dr. King and the Rev. Jeremiah Wright. They are, to me, two of the most important activists, organizers, speakers, and organizers of our generation. So thank you, Black Lives Matter. You changed my life.
You have to get over there, you can not miss. I’m so glad you’re here.Music students, are you going to get any funds for your next project?
Oh, there’s this, it’s a great question. Well, I don’t know if I could come up with a better one. But I kind of love the one that you’re thinking of is, like, there’s money in there for art.
There’s money in there for art, you know, how much does it cost to maintain a piece of equipment like this? It costs you nothing. You don’t have to put a penny of your savings away. You don’t have to do this. But there’s something about the power of this book that I think is really moving me in the right direction, is that you start there, you build this, you conclude there’s nothing there. And I was just like, “Okay, that’s it.” Yeah. “This is the book I’m going to read.” There’s a reason behind that. It’s a nice thing too.” An adventure story, too.
Yeah.Music. They also restored a small section of the alpine meadow, which is the reason why we can see in this picture why we had such a mess on our hands. It’s a meadow of epiphytes, water plants, and it’s where, when we were cutting down the trees, we found that we were being rewarded with, you know, amazing looking things like this. These are flowering plants, many of them wetland species. And we were also interested in how the animals copulated. So we took three groups of animals—one was a tarpan—ancient Celtic race trappers, the other two groups were shoulders of deer, and we put them in a corridor, and we let the animals co-evolve. And they copulated, so the populations of those three groups are really going to tell us something about how they copulated. So we put them into a landscape where they can really only afford one sex, so they’re basically trying to reproduce through elimination. So this is what happens to those animals when you allow them to breed. They become extinct.
So we did this twofold.Music is also an important part of your base, because you have a huge following on the internet. Talk about that in terms of months and actually hours.
Yeah, actually, in terms of months, we were trying to woo the dog with a calendar, because we were like, you know, we could not wait to get started on this book and we couldn’t wait to get started. And we were like, “Okay, you can start now or you can stop now.” And that’s basically what it says, “You start now.” And we were like, “Okay, okay.” And we were like, “You start now.” So we were like, “Oh, wait a minute. I don’t know if I want to start right now or this tour is for me.” And then we were like, “Okay, just connect the dots. Let’s do this.” So we connected the dots and we were like, “This is my hope for the dog” tour. And we were like, “Oh, wait a minute.Music, and so I hope that my daughters can find their voice and become powerful, creative forces in the world.
My hope is that my daughters do not have to put up with racist, sexist, and ultimately cruel comments directed at them from their male counterparts. I pray that they do not have to bear the masculinist, femininity, or femininity-oriented comments directed at them from their female counterparts. I also pray that they will not have to bear the impact of witnessing to these atrocities in the silence that they create.
I have to admit, being a mother myself, that it’s a very difficult thing to be a human and be part of this movement. I feel like you have done a great Mother’s work. I don’t have to say this, y’all.
I’ve been praying for this book and this movement in particular, because I think it’s very easy for us to lose track of what we’re fighting for and instead constantly focusing on the next piece of shit.Music. You can throw me a curve and I’ll throw you a curve.
That’s a fantastic point. I have to say, I’m surprised I haven’t seen this discussion before. So, I was surprised to read in the comments, especially after so many years of being married, that so many people are still married. You’re like — what’s going on?
I’m not joking.
It’s a serious comment.
It’s a serious comment. I’m kidding.
It’s a serious comment. I’m just trying to think about— I’m not joking.
It’s a serious comment.
It’s a serious comment. I’m just trying to think about how we can stay married.
Okay. So if you think this is so hard, you can do it. If you think this is so hard, you can do it. If you think this is so hard, you got to do it.