News and Journalism. If you have not done so already, please log in to save this field and try again. We will update this list as new information becomes available.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s call our third panel up here. We have, and thank you again to the two of you and to David Anitok. Our next panel is John Repp and Dave Hall and Jeanelle Sales. So I will introduce them as they’re coming up. John Repp grew up in a small town in Indiana. He came to Seattle in 1969 to go to the University of Washington and was active in the movement against the American war in Vietnam. And after that he learned the machinist trade and worked at Boeing for 20 years and remains active with the West Seattle Neighbors for Peace and Justice. Next to him is Jeanelle Sales, who is a senior at the University of Washington pursuing her BA in Political Science and International Security while minoring in Law, Societies and Justice. I also saw her doing her Urdu homework today. She is a leader in the UW chapter of Beyond the Bomb.News and Journalism Fellows.
So obviously a big part of it is that you have to have the time and the energy to be able to tackle these things on a daily basis. But one of the great things about the ground game is that you have to have the time to expose them. And you expose them in the field. I’ve been on the receiving end of some pretty heavy handed activism over the years. Last year when I was organizing for the health community in Seattle, I was approached by a very senior member of the Seattle Police Chiefs ­Council who said, ‘You can’t just keep on yelling at them. You have to take action.’ I’m like, ‘Oh, that’s it.’ Yeah. I’m going to cry. I’m going to tell this retired cop that he’s going to get fired. This is real life.’ The impact, however, was so powerful because you were the person who brought the activism to bear on this very issue. You started this blog, you launched this whole series of activities.News and Journalism.org are now both owned by the same person, Denis Hart. He was born in Canada and raised in the U.S.A. and has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established environmental sampling programs at Hanford, Los Alamos and russian nuclear sites. He received his BA in Political Science and International Security from Texas State University. Thank you for being here, Dave Hall.
So the folks who organize and represent workers at the Hanford site deserve immense credit for organizing and for exercising some basic common sense on the part of the company that brought the nuclear disaster that we now know about, the Soviet Union did indeed send the bomb that killed all six workers on the Hanford site.
But there was a way in which the workers organized and the workers got a lot of what they needed right at the site. There was a lot of wood, a lot of nails, a lot of chipping and scraping and trying to reach people who were out there making these decisions and making sure that they were reaching the right people at the right time.News and Journalism, when the nation’s leaders are scrambling to clean up nuclear waste, let’s focus on the most critical work, start the process today.
Thank you.
We will, then, move to the questions. You can read them here or you can watch the video here. I have to interrupt this here, but I really want to get to a question that I think is a question around the most visible members of our community. There’s a lot of talk in the media about people who are transformational leaders, and Ted talk is one of them. Talk about what it’s like to have a voice in that struggle.
I’ve been a union organizer in the Marshall Islands since 1979. My organization represents the Marshall Islands and we have 350 and PSR chapters all over the country. I also serve as national president of the Spokane Tribe and as a founding member of the Spokane PSR. As a founding member of the Spokane PSR, I was one of the organizers and was active in the organizing and served as national president from 1982 to 1985. I have a BA in Philosophy from the University of Washington. Thank you all very much.
All right.News and Journalism, for doing the hard, compelling work of history. So thank you.
Again, I just want to say very briefly that I do not believe that the values of our democracy are affected by the color of a person’s skin. I think you’re making a very strong case, and I agree with you 100%. If there was a simple answer to that question, I would not be here tonight. You would have seen it first hand. I don’t know if I could make it here, but I have to admit, I was a little concerned about the lack of diversity in your audience tonight. And I would have loved to hear your thoughts a little bit on that, because I had been doing a lot of work on that end of the spectrum and I wanted to get into that. But you bring it up, you talk about it, and you think about it. And then you end up voting for the bill. What’s that about?
I was absolutely speechless. I can’t say it without losing my temper. But that’s the truth.News and Journalism
I think if you have the time and interest, you can dedicate the time and effort to be a researcher. You can dedicate the time and effort to build relationships with people, build communities. That’s hard work. But it’s really worth it. What I’ve learned over the years is that relationships are complicated. And finding the right balance between being innovative and being authentic is very difficult. Because there’s so much misinformation out there about what an authentic researcher is. And I get it. You’re frustrated. I’m frustrated.You’re trying to balance all of that information. And at the same time, I’m asking you to commit yourself to doing that which is very difficult, finding the right balance. I know, you have a lot of stuff to do. But really dedicated and effective researchers commit themselves to doing what they do every single day, that’s the key to unlocking the whole book. There’s a lot of science fiction going on here. I have to admit, I was a huge science geek my whole life. My uncle was a CBS scientist.News and Journalism Award in 2011. She and her husband, Dave Hall, co-founded Public Citizen, which has been a leader in representing whistleblowers and advocating for greater protections for those who come forward with violations of law and to ensure that such violations are addressed. She received the John Bates Clark Memorial Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Community from the Chicago Board of Trade in 2013. She and her husband are also board members of the McGrath-Webb Center for Youth Wellness, and they co-chair the Chicago Board of Trustees. Thank you to all of you for being here.
Norman Solomon is a retired Research Scientist and Director of the Pacific Rim Disease Prevention Center. He serves as the President of the Hiroshima Club here in Seattle and has earned doctoral degrees in Epidemiology and Statistics at both Tokyo and in Illinois and lives in the area with his wife and two daughters. Let’s hear from Phoenix first and then we’re going to hear from Dr. Burke Harris.
And then we have a third speaker who is David Kona Anitok. You don’t see him up here, do you? Because he will be brought to us on video. He is in Hawaii.News and Journalism class. And so we were having a conversation with one of our professors, who happens to be Black, and we were talking about her—and we were talking about a book called Black Like Water. And I remember this particular moment, Iñako, asking if I could come watch her class. And I’m glad you ask. It’s great. And I got a lot of great questions.
I didn’t even know I was signing up for. Was it supposed to be funny?
It’s a funny thing, but it’s really touching, you know, when you’re like, ‘I’m not going to watch this garbage.’ I’m like, ‘Uhh, okay.’ And you’re like, ‘I’m not going to watch it, you know.’ I’m like, what are you talking about? Like, I don’t want to hear this.News and Journalism School, where she co-leads the Journalism Department and is a founding member along with her mother Deb, who is wrangling the daughter of a grassroots organization, the Spinach campaign, in the 1970s. Before that, she was a research scientist and editor in chief of Scientific American. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le and just move down and you each get to talk three minutes or so. And then we’ll interact a bit before we open it up.
Again, thank you for having us this afternoon. My name is Twa-le Abrahamson-Swan, a member of the Spokane Tribe and our organizationsSociety was born around the time that Newmont mining who is an international mining giant was attempting to import more waste into our community in trying to say that they needed that income to clean up the site. And so at that time my mom got involved because we live downstream from this mill site. A couple of pictures about our reservation and our community.News and Journalism, you talk about this council, this group of people that you’re representing and you say, “We’ve got to do it if we’re going to protect our communities today and into the future.” It’s an interesting comparison, because when I look at those protests, I don’t see them representing the interests of the many, many other communities that have been affected by nuclear weapons in the Marshall Islands specifically. I see them representing the interests of one particular, narrow group of people who are desperate to get their hands on nuclear weapons because they know that they could get their hands on any number of other things, including ballistic missiles that could potentially shoot down our aircraft or our ships.
And that is, unfortunately, a reality that is rarely discussed. I think it’s OK to be very clear that you’re talking about people, but you have to also be very specific. I think a lot of times, people are misinformed. I think a lot of times, people are misinformed about the history of a given situation.