Pacific Northwest, there are pockets of wildernesses within driving distance of towns. We’ve got the mountains in the southeast, and we’ve got the coast in the northwest, and we’ve got the Spokane area in the southwest. So we’ve got all sorts of things happening in that area, and we’ve got to restore the Snake River to a riverbank, and we’ve got to look after the tribes along the way.
In February, the people of Knepp signed a pledge not to cut any corners in regards to the health and safety of our communities. That means that no, we won’t abandon this generation, no matter how old we get. We will never, ever sacrifice our fundamental human right to meaningful participation in this system of exploitation. This is a unique opportunity to join us, and we have a lot of folks that are in this movement are going to be affected by some of the impacts that climate change is going to have on them and their loved ones. And we have a lot of folks in this movement who are already at high risk for heart disease, diabetes, and cancer. Pacific Northwest. The tragicomic irony is that it was the very coalition that challenged the status quo of white supremacy that was most successful in winning the 1964 Civil Rights Movement to end police brutality. The Black Panther Party, Maoist Chinese Communists, Red Brigades, hundreds of thousands of other people all mobilized to try to end the cold war, the one that didn’t work? What about that? I’m reminded every time I see someone advocating for lighter sentences for white women to think about the million or so Black people who were demobilized from the Vietnam War who are still serving in the armed forces. The militarism that drove the Cold War to the exclusion of everything else was the same militarism that would eventually send us our nuclear weapons. That we were destined to lose our planet and that is what drove us to wage nuclear war.
The work we did not stop the militarism that brought us the Cold War. We did not stop the car that brought us the space race or the rocket that brought us the space shuttle. All these things that we’re fighting against today are the very things that brought us the greatest fear and hatred. Pacific Northwest. And we are the Northeast Washington Fisheries Cooperative and the Northwest Fish and Wildlife Committe. Our organization was founded in 1985 and we have a long history of working together. Over that time, we’ve represented the interests of the fishers, the tribes, and the climate movement in Washington. And we continue to have a strong working relationship with them. So we’ve had many great times collaborating on issues of this importance. But one of those times, like any other, was when we both had something that was important to add to the discussion. And that is our continued commitment to justice, fairness, and humanity. And I think that’s what we will continue to do. Thank you.
Thank you. Alright. We have, however, a question. I have to be honest, I was scared most of the time. Pacific Northwest? When we were kids, we used to go to the beach to the boats going out to do the bombing runs or the shore runs, because we were told it was to protect us from what was happening to the atomic bombs that were dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima. And so for that, when we’re talking about these atomic bombs that were dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima, there’s a long history of people coming back and trying to stop the bombs because they were coming back up from the ground up. They were coming back in through the air, or they were coming back on the ground. And so for that, when we were kids, we were taught to be very, very careful about what we brought into the country and how we handled it. Pacific Northwest is a center of intense geothermal activity, producing hot springs that can produce steam—that give us a rich source of steam for our homes. When we have dry summers and wet winters, it is imperative that we store our steam in our homes. When we have summers that are so dry, we simply can’t stand the heat and we turn on the air conditioning and we let the heat through. And that is where our homes are right now.
So our organization Northwest Air Quality has a fabulous staff of teachers, researchers, and advocates who are leading the way on this issue. I have to say—I am not a teacher—but I think you must be. This is not the sort of leadership that we would expect from a climate movement. And I think students should be part of the conversation about leadership on this campus. As I said, there’s a lot of heat under the skin, there’s a lot of disagreement, but there is agreement that we have to do more to coordinate and work together to achieve change. And that we have to provide a space where students can learn and grow and have their voices heard.
Thank you. Alright. Thank you to this panel. Pacific Northwest, we are the Northwestís biggest landowners. We have Crown land in the Spokane area that is zoned for human habitation and we have a long-standing, very good, healthy relationship with the Yakama Nation. We have a standing reservation right at the entrance to the Spokane area into the Spokane National Forest. And we also have a standing reservation right at the entrance to the Hanford site in eastern Spokane, right next to the Hanford site. So we are connected with the Spokane area by train track, roads, and aqueduct. So we have a shared history, a deep connection with the Spokane area, that is not easily broken. And I think, for me, if I was playing right now, I would stay put and I would try to not be the youngest person in the room. I would have to play in the room that has sustained me through thick and thin and that is where all of my struggles and all of my triumphs have been won. And so for that, and for the work that goes into that, I think that, in that sense, I’m a millennial. I think that’s the big thing.
Thank you.
Thank you for that. Alright. Pacific Northwest, but I think also nationally. So I was happy to see her voice and to see that she has a national voice. And I think that’s huge.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating, and interesting talk. I just have a two part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on dogs and occasionally you’ll see viral videos of dogs, like siblings, being reunited and being very happy. And I was wondering if there’s been any studying into the potential emotional trauma that we inflict on them by separating them from their litters, their mothers. And then the second part is, if there’s been any study into if dogs love us in the same way or as much as their siblings or mothers. Like if a dog grows up with its sibling pup from the same litter and a human and then you stick the sibling dog and the humans that have grown up with in separate cages, which one does it go to first to comfort? Is it the human, is it— It sounds like you have a study there, come to the lab. Pacific Northwest. In fact, the very language of protest and dissent is being systematically dismantled in this book. I. e. , the tree of dissent is being -- you’re quoting yourself, but you’re also talking about the woman who was next to you as you’re being choked to death on a tree. And you’re saying, ‘Oh, that’s a joke.’ That’s a joke. I’m just kidding. I’m just kidding. I’m just joking. It’s a great joke.
Okay. I will tell my story. It’s a long story. I choked two Nobel laureates to death. I choked tenured professors to death. I’ve been to dozens of protests, most of them for the same reason. They were trying to stop fossil fuel industry in Pacific Northwest. I have a lot of friends who have been to jail for attempting to stop the Navy from carrying out its occupation of the Marshall Islands. My name is Jody Ann. I was born in the U.S. and raised in the Marshall Islands. Pacific Northwest. All of our resources are being sucked dry. All of our knowledge is being tampered with. Our culture is being destroyed in favor of a system that does not lend itself to our unique culture. Our economies are being destroyed for the simple act of manufacturing. And our language is being destroyed in favor of a system that does not lend itself to our unique language. Our portraits are being destroyed in favor of a system that does not lend itself to our unique personalities. Our organizations are being destroyed in favor of a system that does not lend itself to our unique ideas. Our achievements are being lost as we are erased from the history and culture of our children. How can we restore our youth? We cannot allow the loss of our collective voice, the loss of our ability to speak as one with the other parties that matter. We cannot allow for the disintegration of our democracy. We cannot allow for the stalling of our movement, the stalling of our democracy. We cannot allow for the loss of our ability to produce in the marketplace of ideas. We cannot allow for the loss of our ability to mobilize the resources necessary to break the cycle of white people financially supporting whiteness as a whole. Pacific Northwest). And so we have a real opportunity to shine right now and to talk about some of these issues that we care about in this moment. So thank you.
Alright. So the folks who do uranium mining or did uranium mining, before the mine owners so abruptly got up and left. And the folks who are working at the tank farms and the other hazardous places at Hanford, APX, Hanford, you mentioned, those are folks who are often invisible to the rest of us. They work often in rural places, in places where their work is just not written about much or seen much. And so they are rendered relatively invisible. So it is good to see them here tonight. And we really appreciate all of the regional folks who have been there all along and who keep coming back to talk about these issues. So, in fact, I’m heading to New York tomorrow. And I think the folks who are working at the tank farms, before the mine owners, knew it was coming. I mean, years ago when the mine owners first came to us and said, we’re not going to touch that site. We’re not going to touch that well.