Philosophy of Neuroscience, a respected academic institution based in Seattle. He cofounded the Sleep Foundation in 2003 to advance the study of deep sleep and sleeping wellness. As a founding member of the West Coast Fisher Committee, he was the driving force behind the successful campaign to get the Academy of Medicine to recommend deep sleep as a treatment for schizophrenia. And as the founding Executive Director, he worked with a wide community of leaders, physicians, and scientists to bring this knowledge back to the West Coast. Finally, he serves as a consultant to the West Coast Fisher Committee and has earned doctoral degrees in Psychology and Clinical Psychology. Thank you for being here.
Ah, wonderful. So this comes as a surprise to me. You didn’t even know you were coming to Seattle?
This was, I think, one of the most challenging things for me to do. I knew what I wanted to do was play sports, do this incredible thing that I love, and I couldn’t stop playing. And I couldn’t stop loving it. So this came as a huge surprise to me. And I’m really grateful for you coming all the way across the country to be here tonight.Philosophy of mind, Neuroticism and you’re calling it “skepticism”. So that is, is one of the most powerful tools there is for changing your fundamental outlook. I have to say, I’m not totally sure. I think a lot of what we’re taught is probably very good, but it’s not what we’re destined to be. We’re not going to grow up as scientists or as engineers and then become the doctors and leaders that we need to change the course of events. That’s a very tricky subject because it’s very good that we have these exciting new discoveries every day. But I think we need to also be thinking about what does it mean for us as individuals. What does it mean for our kids? For our spouses? For our neighbor? For our bank?
It means you’re a doctor. That’s a big one. A lot of people don’t get this, which is crazy. This is not a joke. This is serious business. I’m not joking.Philosophy of Mind has grown in parallel. So, you know, back in 1978 when I was first starting walking in that direction, I was interested in the applications of evolutionary psychology and the study of cooperation and sharing. So that work that we do, our Sloan dinner is always, always centered around the book. You know, I’m talking about, you know, the $100 billion that we’re spending on anti-terrorism right now, or the fact that we’re spending $80 billion a year on the nuclear arsenals that will destroy humanity.
But there was a big controversy about a decade ago when we were, you know, 50% of the way there, and then the administration decided to reverse course and to say that this was Bayard Rustin’s idea, and that it was Nixon’s idea, you know, and that we should all just stick to writing books.Philosophy
So the double bind is this idea of what do we do to deal with this problem? So, this is why I wrote and I talk about this in this book. It’s a question of what do we do? How do we deal with the fact that the fundamental problem is that we don’t know how to design a system that is scalable or that is reusable or that is truly portable or that is environmentally benign?
I don’t know if anyone has ever written a book on this subject. I don’t know if there’s a best selling book on this subject. But there’s a lot of good advice on how to do it. Here’s what I like to say, it’s a complicated subject. There’s a lot of bad advice on how to do it. It’s complicated because there’s a lot of different things that are interfering with how you can design a scalable system that are bad. And a lot of different schemes that are supposed to deal with these problems. And a lot of different approaches that are supposed to be portable. And a lot of different interventions that are supposed to be effective.Philosophy/BS in Philosophy, the Department of Philosophy, and the Department of Religion. I was raised as a Christian and I was baptized and confirmed Catholic, but I grew up as a Muslim and I was finally able to get a good enough English and work my way through the mosque and then the school and ultimately the Marines and eventually the police. I served as a Research Scientist and Development Coordinator for the New England Coalition for Social Change from 1981 to 1985. We converted our local Vietnam Veterans for Peace into effective advocacy organizations. We were active in the Mobilizing for Peace and Justice steering committee and as a Research Associate for the Nebraska Jewish Action Network from 1986 to 1988. I have a BA in Philosophy from the University of Washington. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Who is she? She is a treasured colleague of mine atsand I work on a Nuclear Weapons Task Force and has joined us a relatively short time ago. She came to the Atomic Weapons Task Force in 1962 as a Research Assistant and has been an advisor to the steering committee and has been a core member of the steering committee since its founding. Prior to that, she was active in St.Philosophy of Mind, a new book by David Deutsch, a professor of cognitive science and co-director of the Cognitive Science Unit at the University of Washington. So welcome to all of you. You’re our totally live panel so you get to talk first. Why don’t we start with Jeanelle and work this way and then keep thinking of your questions.
Hello. Thank you for taking the opportunity today to come to the Commonwealth Club where I was presented with the Miller Lite of cognitive science research. I am wondering your thoughts as we currently understand them about the distinction between sciences and non- sciences. I.e., we’re taught to think of the difference between science and non-science as something between you and me, you’re about to embark on a book and I’m about to type away at something. So I’m just curious. Your thought about the history of that divide, the history of science versus culture, is so timely, especially considering what’s happening to the former today.
I mean, I think it’s fantastic.Philosophy of mind in general, which is the study of how our thinking is affected by what we’re exposed to over and over in our daily lives. And this is the study of playing with pretend. And pretending to be someone you’re not is such a big part of this book, because for most of us, our first impression of someone is not their true self. It’s changed. In fact, we’re conditioned to see ourselves in that first impression. And that’s because we’re exposed to so many stimuli in our daily lives, but so few things change our minds. Here’s a simple fact about human nature. We always want the same things in our lives. Money, we always want to be happy. We always want to be successful. We always want to be admired. We always want to feel important. I think that’s one of the biggest obstacles to change in our culture. One of the biggest obstacles to change in our way of life is our inability to critically appraise our lives. Our culture likes to portray ourselves as tough, but we’re really soft.Philosophy that all around us is being rewritten every single day in our society. And most of us are willfully blind to what is happening to our bodies or so wrapped up in it that we don’t even see the forest for the trees. I’m afraid to say it, but it may be the case that you are right. You are absolutely right. This is a problem. We are all drowning in this. It’s a trickle, but it is a tide. And we are all being swept up in this. It’s a river of change. We are all in this together. And if you don’t want to be a part of it, if you don’t want to be a part of the solution, then you get out of here. You get out of here. Because this is a portrait of what it looks like when you get pushed out into the landscape. You get pushed out. You get pushed off of your feet. You get knocked down. You get up again. It’s a marathon, not a sprint. And we have to stop and actually be entertained for long enough to allow real change to happen on our planet.
Thank you very much.Philosophy is as old as we know of. The story of the Fall leaves us with a crunching, dislodging, hyper-mobile Earth. The seeds of a crunching, dislodging, hyper-mobile Earth lie in wait to deliver us a final, devastating blow. The seeds of a crunching, dislodging, hyper-mobile Earth lie in wait to deliver us a final, devastating blow.
We have a problem. Let’s start at the top. The first panel shows us what a peak in terms of both quantity and quality we could expect from an average American diet. As you can see, it’s got a lot of meat. It’s got a lot of meat. It’s got a lot of, I think, 40% more calories from carbohydrates than protein. So you’re looking at a really powerful tool in that discussion is that you’re seeing significant increases in both quantity and quality from just eating meat. And we’re seeing, I think, real progress in terms of quantity and quality in terms of carbohydrates and amino acids.Philosophy and American Values scholar, Colby Doggett, has a bit of a more nuanced view. Speaking on The Point, Doggett says, ‘In my mind, this is a very simple question. You’re asking the question, ‘How do you think we should think about caring for our aging population?’ And I think the answer is that we should think about care in the same way we’re thinking about nutrition, and we should care for as many of our population as possible. You know, that would put us in a different mindset from, you know, Silicon Valley. They want to have these screens, they’re going to have these screens. And we should care for as many people as possible. We should be bringing this knowledge back to humanity so that we can create a society that is responsive to the basic needs of our population. So I think this is a very simple question. I think we’re up here because you build those screens. You provide nutrition, you’re going to supply, I’m assuming, some of this is NSF-funded.