Poetry and Literature panel. And to be able to bring all of that together and actually present it to the students is really cool. I’m so excited. I’m so proud of this panel. I’m so proud of this city and this state. And I’m so excited to have all of you here tonight. I’m so proud to have created this opportunity for you to hopefully discuss some of these ideas and make some decisions and steer these boats a little bit more in the direction of maybe caution and maybe experimentation. You know, perhaps a little bit of a different sensibility. So, I hope to see you tonight.
Okay. Thank you. I now want to recognize the audience. I have to acknowledge one of the people who has been a HUGE part of my work in recent years has been listening. I didn’t think I had to say this, but I couldn’t believe it was coming from a human. And I’m glad you did.
This is Nour Alabed. She is a senior at the University of Washington pursuing her BA in Political Science and International Security while minoring in Law, Societies and Justice.Poetry and Literature Award. And then there was the time that he was arrested for trying to block a CIA plane from taking off at LAX. I’m pretty good at this whole staged event thing, but it’s kind of shocking and disturbing. I’m not a lawyer, but I thought you might be able to give me some pointers on what you thought might be a little bit of a legal issue. So, you know, it’s legal for a private citizen to block a CIA plane. That’s a federal offense. So it’s a serious crime. It’s punishable by up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. Right?’ But this is Democracy Now! And so, you know, it’s not usually that we see huge spikes in incidences of this kind of thing happening. I mean, we’ve never had this many complaints about this kind of thing happening in our community before. It’s always been very, very small. Right? We have, typically, one or two kind of complaints a year. This is the first year, so things are still being worked on.Poetry and Literature awards, which goes to the St. Louis poet and activist Marcus King. You can watch him give a stirring defense of the William Groseclose poem, I Have No Words. It’s one of the great protests poems of all time. So, you’re about to enter, obviously, into this conversation about protest poetry. But one of the great things about you is you are genuinely interested in sharing some of that protest poetry you’re familiar with, some of the most powerful poems of the movement. So, I have a bunch of these that I like to read, some of the stingiest. And I especially like Ralph Ellison and Satyajit Ray. I like to read satire, but it gets me down. So, here’s an honorable mention. There’s a poem called “Black Skin, Red Eyes, Green Skin”. It’s by Aldous Huxley. An environmentalist, writer, director, and most importantly, a poet. And this is speaking about what it’s doing to this planet. And if you don’t know what it’s doing, it’s doing something really strange and wonderful.Poetry and Literature. I got kind of of into poetry because I just happened to stumble across your website while doing some research for my book. I gotta say, I love it. The folded lines, the imagery, the imagery is just amazing. So thank you, gents. That’s what I was really looking for. I ended up not really understanding the book was called The Fold Your Voice. But I thought it was, so I was like, okay, you tell me what happened, I’m going to go with that.” So I did my research, you told me that a large portion of white Americans have at one point or another been involved in some form of protest or another, and yet we still feel like that protest or that particular action is somehow not an authentic representation of what white Americans really felt or what they really needed right now. And so in that sense, part of what made me write the book was identifying and studying that particular subculture that so clearly exists and feeling like that protest or this particular action is somehow not authentic. It’s like, okay, here” is what it’s like to be a protestor.Poetry and Literature Award from the Chicago Reader in 2015. He has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Who is she? She is, without question, one of the most influential people in Black Lives Matter. She is, without question, one of the most influential people in the movement. I think she has broken many records. I’ve just got 20 for her, but that’s because she’s SO influential. In fact, she has a pronounced air of superiority because—you know, she’s got the big dog, right? You’ve got the big dog, right? So I think that’s why she broke 20 records. Because, you know, we’re talking about, you know, 0–9, she’s got the momentum and she’s got the challenge of connecting with people on. And you talk about that – like, you literally could not get a single person to name one of the protests that happened after her.Poetry and Literature prize in 2006, the Poetry Alliance of Greater Seattle selected her book, The Second Shift, Coming Home, to honor her leadership in the movement. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. How was your state?
Oh, this is a good question. I think my home state is the way it is because there were a lot of outsized contributions from the unions and people had to go on the picket line and make sure that they were joining the fight. Because there was a lot of talk about making sure that they were joining the fight. And there was a lot of organizing by the way. There was no small amount of organizing by the way. There were organizations that had bases in every single state. And so with the organizing, when you’re out on the picket line, you’re out there thinking about how to get the word out and to make sure that you’re impacting in every single way. And so for me, that meant a lot of work.Poetry and Literature panel that I presented with the book Smarter Every Day, which is a great book by Jill Lepore. I think it’s a fantastic effort by all involved. I’m a big fan of her book because it’s such a powerful counter to the common narrative that people have about bee conservation that are sort of like, “Oh, you know, well, of course you want to do this.” No, I don’t think that’s what I’m arguing for. I’m arguing for an ecology of systems. An ecology of systems, in which we can actually look at the whole system and say, “Yes, this is part of the problem.” And that we actually be able to see that there are systems, even in this moment, when we’re just focusing on one system or another, and saying, “Well, that’s not enough. You need a behavioral science of systems to be able to talk about these massive issues of habitat loss, fragmentation, disease, and so forth.Poetry and Literature conference that she organized. And so this is the third time in four years that she’s been here. And each time, it’s been an honor. I’m so honored to be able to host her again this year. And we’ve become fast friends. So happy to finally bring her poetry back.
And so happy to finally bring her storytelling back. And so happy to finally have her stand up.
So I was wondering, you ’re doing really well.” I can tell. You are.
And so you mentioned Black Lives Matter, which has to do with the protest record, right?
Yeah. I think at least some of the work that you guys are doing now is part of what’s coming back to us. It’s a really interesting question. And I’m not sure if people are catching up with it, you know, 4 years later. But I think the fact that you guys, you guys have been so active on this, and you guys have been so consistent in your advocacy, I think, for so long now, that it’s become pretty routine.Poetry and Literature Award. You’re very good at this. So thank you.
I’m happy to announce that my friend, the great poet and essayist Aneelah Nati Hijazi, has joined me for this evening. Aneelah is a Rhode Island native, she grew up in the South and honed her craft in the environmental movement. She has a BA in Philosophy from Notre Dame. She and her husband, Sam, raise four children in a heavily armed community in southeastern Pennsylvania. They are active in the Sioux tribe and Gitxsan bands of Lake Superior peeling back the pea plants to reveal the rich cultural and subsistence content of the surrounding lands. They also maintain a database of over 11,000 poems and over 900 stories about women warriors and healers from around the world. I am so honored to have you join me tonight. Aneelah is a warrior, a poet, and a fierce advocate for the health and longevity of our planet. She is a founding member along with her husband, Saif Ali, of the San Francisco-based nonprofit, Ground Zero Center for Inquiry. Saif is a retired Air Force colonel and a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute.Poetry and Literature Award at the Seattle Poetry and Poetry Alliance convention in July. She also won the Seattle Children’s Spirit Award in August. She and her husband, Dave Hall, who is the Poetry Coordinator and a founding Chair of the Washington Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, are members of WashburnePS, UWPS, and the UW Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. They also co-found the Rainforest Action Network, which has grown to become one of the most effective grassroots conservation organizations in the country. She also serves as a founding President of the Spokane Conservation Corps, which relies on the skills of its members to recover grizzly and sea otter habitat. She has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you each for being here.
All right. So let’s start with Twa-le. Again, thank you for such thoughtful responses. But, unfortunately, this is not the FIRST time that we’ve had a fight over the use of the N-word on this stage. I think there’ve been times when some of us have felt like we need to shut up, you know, on stage. And I think this is no exception.