Psychology Today, one of the most influential and respected journals in this field, wrote in their book, “Humorless”? What does it mean?” It means that you don’t have to be funny to be a leader in this field. You can be thoughtful, compassionate, or you can be goofy. You can be vulnerable. You can be something that you are proud of.” I think that’s what this book is really about is making us all part of the problem. Making us all stakeholders in the problem, and in the solution. And I think that a lot of us are not. And I think this book is partly to blame. I think part of the problem is that we have the mentality that we all have one, tiny piece of the solution. I don’t care how you voted. And you have to start questioning whether or not you really have to be a cosponsor to pass this legislation or to bring this discussion to the Senate. You have to start questioning whether this is the best use of your time. You have to start questioning if this is the most effective way for you to be a leader in this field.Psychology Today , which has an outstanding membership panel , including such names as Marilyn, Dave, April, Dave Hall, Dave Hall is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the national president of the Canadian Psychiatric Association. He served as a Research Chair from 2008 to 2010 and was a founding member of the Policy Planning and Research Network, which developed the DSM-5 and 521 programs. He was a Research Associate for Action, the national spokesperson and founding member of the East Coast Psychopathology Association. He and his wife are affiliated with Ground Zero Center for Inquiry , which has established itself as the go to resource for those seeking impartial, verifiable, non-medical, evidence-based, non-punitive solutions to the nuclear age ills. He and his wife also serve as president of the Spokane Tribe of Indians , which has a land claim claim in the Spokane area and its reservation is entitled to share in the costs of constructing the Hanford site. They also serve as president of the Spokane Veterans for Peace , which has a long history of being a leader in the movement to support our troops and provide them with the resources they need to keep our nation safe.Psychology Today , which has a lot of very informative reports on bullying and how it works. A good example of a report is  Out of the Shadow of the Ball , a report that was written by a senior researcher who, among other things, analyzed data from the National School Lunch Program and  Harassment Prevention Initiative. And while I don’t have the time to write every report I read, I thought you might find something in that report that would make you smile.
Yeah. The data here is stunning. The amount of people who took the time to fill out this whole form was, I think, disproportionate to the amount of people who took it. And one of the reports that was most surprising was that it was the data from the teenage years. This is a report that, among other things, it’s data on the participation of students of color in the classroom. And, again, this is a report that is very surprising because we thought that this was, you know, oh, well, it’s projected that black students will never participate in school, right? Black students will never have the opportunity to participate in school.Psychology Today’s second annual Worst Of survey revealed another surprising finding. Almost three-quarters of Americans surveyed said that if they had to choose, they would choose the lives of Black or Brown people. That is, they would choose life as it is, under the circumstances.
Theological Straw Polls notwithstanding, much of the current discussion about policing and social movements has been shuttered in protest. The organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the people have decided to close their books on social movements and institutional racism. They’ve decided to suspend the campaign against the Confederate flag, the state legislatures that refused to take up one of the most important pieces of legislation to protect the civil rights of the transgender community, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the organizers, the people have decided to suspend the campaign for the trans and queer community, and they’ve decided to offer financial incentives for them to drop out.Psychology professor and the author of a new book called The Second Nature of Dogs, Part II, which looks at how we think about playing, socialization, and human psychology. He also writes a blog called The Second Nature of Dogs, which looks at dog cognition studies. So he has a fascinating blog. If you want to look at one of those, you can sort of see here.
If you don’t mind, but I’ll give you the rundown, her name is Alyssa. She was born in the U.S. and raised in the U.K. and considers both places to be her home. She and her mother moved often, bringing their dogs with them when she worked in the disaster response and helping others affected by nuclear weapons. She played a pivotal role in the Children First program, which brought together schools, churches, and other organizations to support them in their work. She also organized a team of volunteers who would help them develop the National Voter Registration Tool, which went live in 2008. She worked with some of her students to create a web tool that allowed people to easily update their information and sign up for classes.Psychology has a wonderful website where they’re writing a book called Don’t Think Of An Elephant! Of course, somebody has to type in “Don’t Think Of An Elephant”, but that’s the beauty of it. So they’re writing a book, and that’s what they’re interested in, is that they’re not creating art, but they’re interested in acquiring the tools and techniques that allow them to create. And in that respect, it’s very similar to how you would approach any kind of creativity. You would have creative people come in, and you would let them do their thing. I think a lot of times, when you’re talking about creativity, you’re talking about Susan Boyle or you’re talking about Leonardo DiCaprio or you’re talking about Godfrey Reagon, those are people who, in a classic situation where you’re like, “Okay, okay, you can just kind of do this all day long.” I think that is the key to understanding where your personal power and your uniqueness is.Psychology of Children. My husband is a social worker and I work with kids. And so for us to have a voice, we have to have a healthy dialogue. And I think a healthy dialogue is having a healthy body. And I think a healthy conversation with kids? Having a healthy body, not smoking, drinking, not using recreational drugs, and having a healthy relationship with food is having a healthy body. And as we’re walking outside, there’s one of those little plastic bags over your eyes, and you have to hold that bag high. You have to have that presence. And I think that’s what we have to do. We’ve been blessed with much, but we can not forget about the non-renewable resources. We cannot forget about the needs of the sick and dying. And we cannot forget about the needs of the world that doesn’t have a voice because we cannot afford the cost of providing that voice. We cannot afford the cost of providing that opportunity for our children to grow up in a world that doesn’t have a voice.
We have a real conversation that we have to have where all of us have a voice.Psychology Today recently published a piece by Gillian Fluellen saying, “Awareness-based interventions are urgently needed to combat the effects of microaggressions in schools.” I’m pleased to see one of the authors of this piece, Alyssa Crittenden, join me here tonight to talk about the challenges that remain. For one of the chapters in this book, she and I were talking about the importance of individually tailored learning environments, and she said, “In my thinking, this is the most important chapter. It’s about creating spaces that are responsive, accessible, and fun. It’s about creating educational environments that are welcoming and that are responsive to all kinds of people, including those who don’t have the resources or the time to prepare for this discussion.” So the initiative started almost immediately after the book was published. I wrote the chapter, “Together we can do better,” which is short for, I think, sharing the pain. And so, I wrote this in a rage, I wrote it down and I stamped it and I talked about it like I was 14 years old again.PsychologyToday has a really interesting piece called, You Can’t Hear This Noise On This Earth, which is a great resource for information about how not to be affected by this article. I couldn’t find it on the web, but here’s a link to the audio.
So you can basically listen to this and be affected by it. If you have the misfortune of being in a room with loud noises, like most of us have, that’s how you present it. If not, you present it. So if you have the misfortune of being in a loud noise-laden room, you present it in a calm, collected way. And you present it in an attempt to calm it down. That’s the best thing you can do. And if you’re not doing that, you present it as hard as you can. And you present it as you would like it to be handled. You present it as if your life is in the balance. And you present it as if there was no one there to talk to you or to listen to you.Psychology professor and the study of play has been with us for at least a millennium. It was first described in the 19 th century and was considered so radical an innovation that it was completely discarded in favor of more efficient methods of managing stress. A century later, we still see little traces of the brilliant psychologist who developed it in our culture. A professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Washington, he co-founded the West Coast Game Plan and served as its first president. In 1952, the West Coast Game Plan was renamed the Stress Task Force. Its recommendations for transforming our culture were absolutely radical. First, we must end the glorification of violence and discrimination. We cannot have a white supremacist like Heather Heyer, a Black supremacist like David Duke, or a visible Muslim like Fazliddin Salam, who get free rein to spew hate because they are white. They are given free rein to spew hate because they are deemed to be important. And we must recognize that the survival of our civilization is at stake, even if we lose so much else, and especially if we lose so much else. Second, we must end the glorification of suicide and despair.