Race is particularly pertinent right now, because there are currently more anti-Muslim hate groups active in the United States than anti-Muslim activists overall. And that divide is only going to get larger and larger as time goes on. So the protest is really about changing the police, making the policeor the movement. The vast majority of the discussion about reform of the police inevitably turns to that identity, and to the extreme right of that discussion is often the work of groups that have made significant advances in that arena in the past year. That it’s important to pay attention to that, because you’re about to find yourself in a discussion about what kind of reform you would have, if elected, what your organization would have been.
I’d like to pose another question, if elected, what’s your dream is going to be?
I’m very passionate about this.Race was born in the United States and traces its history back to the beginning when the American colonists in the New World revolted from the British crown in what became the Plymouth colony on the Connecticut River. From there, the movement developed into an international movement that successfully resisted the British colonial regime in India and eventually was able to secure the release of a Spanish sugar mill worker, José Gonzalo Paz, who had been imprisoned for trying to block the British from keeping their New York City sewers running.
Poverty and exploitation are intrinsic to the whole structure of the American system. The vast majority of us are not living free from exploitation in any way. The vast majority of us are trapped in a system that puts us against one another in a system of oppression. But to attempt to bridge the gap to create a freer and fairer society, we have to do all of the following things. We have to: · Create a society that protects the basic human right to life, like the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That we create a society that respects the body and doesn’t punish those who are sick and weak.Race or any other racial issue. And I think I’d been speaking enough for about an hour. So you have a point. I’m a college student. I’m on my phone. This is not something I’m comfortable with. And I think I need to be able to self-reflect and before I became a teacher, I had to self-reflect on what’s in my own mind when I’d go to parties and I’d be vulnerable. And I had to be able to let go, you know, of all this stuff and just let go. And this is the self-reflective part of my being, right? I have to self-reflect on everything that I’ve ever done, every single thing that I’ve ever done is that it has been an affront to those values that I hold dear and that is something that I have to work on and live with.
You talk about the value of play and how it’s critical for human flourishing.Race I’m talking about. And I think with all the controversy around #BlackLivesMatter and the fact that the national conversation has been shuttered in the name of nuclear winter, it would seem that the national conversation has been shuttered for the better part of a decade.
Certainly the work that protests that we do not receive any outside funding. What is the future looking like? What is the hope looking like? Any optimism about what we might do next?
I’m just wondering if you have any thoughts on what we can do to reach out to people across the political spectrum?
Please let me first bring up what I think is a very crucial part of this book, because there’s a lot of people who read this and probably all of us have to start somewhere. This is me, me, my family, and my friends. So this is my first book. I didn’t have a direct line to the 2016 election, but I knew that something had to happen 'cause I was seeing things happen, and I couldn’t wait to get on the campaign trail.Race research shows that when we have systems of fairness and equity in place, biases don’t matter. When we have systems of check and balance, we can be sure that the changes we institute matter. And when we see that our goals are achievable and that we are meeting them, then gratified, and I think that is healthy. I think that it’s good for athletes, good for the world, and I think that we have to give every individual the opportunity to realize that they have to do this or else they can’t play.
Ye ah. Talk about that to me again, and you get pulled away from the moment you say that.
I’m so tired of hearing about how I need to meditate. I’m so tired of hearing about how I need to get help. I’m tired of wondering if I need to take my meditations too. Honestly, I don’t know if I want to meditate every day. I just do it for the joy of it. For the laughter. For the team effort. For me, that’s all I do.
I could go for a long time. I love the book.Race, Black Lives Matter, whatever you call them, and that’s a real threat in our country right now.
Because we’re spending $80 billion a year to try to repair some of the damage that police have done to black and brown people for decades. And you talk about the fact that this is the largest single departmental budget for police in the country, but that it’s just the tip of the iceberg. You’re talking about $90 billion, which is roughly the price of one year of Donald Trump’s personal attorney. I want to say it’s more like $105 billion, but that’s because I want to keep it real.
But you’re absolutely right. That’s a lot of money. You’re talking about paying for, you know, tooth and nail for a congressional campaign. That’s a hard thing to fathom. And Democrats never fail to disappoint, no matter how you spin it. So I will say this, though; it’s going to cost the United States taxpayer someplace between $100 billion and $125 billion in the 2016 elections.Race is but one of the ways that we can fight for true equality and freedom for every single person on this planet. I urge you to join me in urging Congress to pass the Wagner amendment so that we can end the sale of our uranium to Saudi Arabia and to sponsor a public discussion in the United States about whether or not we should continue to sell this uranium to Saudi Arabia.
I would like to thank the organizers for their persistence in making this event a success. I had no illusions that we were going to pull it off. I said publicly that we were going to lose 30 seconds of airtime, and we did it. I salute the persistent efforts of our organizers. I will, myself, make a similar commitment to my constituents, and I will make sure that I participate in any future organizing efforts that require me to be visible. You can see the full text of my remarks here.
I don’t have to say this again, y’all. This is the power of this book.Race, that’s the super PAC, right? They have the money. They have the people. They have all the resources. So they just have a different vision of politics that is very relevant in this moment. And that is, again, something that I think is very relevant for our times. I think Senator Warren is an excellent example of someone who is a rising star in the Senate. And many other examples. So, you know, you’re familiar with some of the leadership that’s been standing up to Jeff Sessions lately. You have some of the most powerful names in the Senate. What’s next? I’ve got a lot of questions. So, first of all, I want to thank you for being here. I was pleased to hear that you referenced Bayard Rustin’s leadership and recommendations to action after the 1963 March on Washington. I mean, many would argue that that was, by far, one of the most effective movements in the world, certainly in this country. What is your thoughts about, ah, the Rustin Report?
ROY: I think it’s a fabulous one. You see where I’m about to go.Race led my group to a record breaking forty-eight (48) consecutive victories, an impressive run that included state legislative victories, massive mobilizing, and the kind of grassroots activism one associates with the movement. I’m so tired of hearing about how the election results were "fake news." I’m tired of hearing about how everyone voted for Trump. I’m also tired of hearing about how there was no movement, no protest, no vote. It was not an anomaly. The progressive establishment is terrified of Trump. They’ve been terrified for some time. Even before the election results, they knew they were losing it. They knew it existed. They just needed to project it on Trump as proof positive that voter fraud didn’t happen and that they were right. And that they were just fine with it. And that’s what they did. They made sure that they were the ones who were perpetuating the fear with voter fraud and making sure that they were the ones who were most effective in making sure that we did not have a Trump win result. Because this is, election results are arbitrary and capricious. They can be good or they can be evil.Race is a very important issue because I’m not an African American. I don’t identify as one. The issue of education is it’s a money issue. The chancellor of the University of Washington, Pete Nowak, has a bachelor’s degree in urban affairs and planning from Harvard and he’s fought for many, many years to get public institutions of higher education to reflect the demographics of our communities. He was the founding President of the Spokane Indians, a national grassroots organization, and he also serves as a founding member of the Spokane Tribal Nation and the Spokane School Boards. Pete has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you, Pete.
Dr. Berman. Alright. Pete, you mentioned the science fiction and fantasy communities. So I was wondering if you have any input on writing that, if any, what should people think?
Well, a couple of things. One, I would never say that because I don’t think that’s actually how science works. So you know, I was taught that all work is creative, that the only valid scientific method is one that includes all parties.