Radio’s biggest challenge is obviously climate change. We’ve both got to be very serious about this. I don’t want us to lose our way and muddle through this and hope and muddle through this.” We’ve got to do it alone. Somebody has to do this. There’s nobody else. And this is a great time to be alive right now. This is a golden moment. This is a golden moment for all of us, because this is the moment today to decide what our biggest challenge is going to be, and we’re going to find out if we can find a lone wolf wolf. If we can, we’ll do it. If we can’t, we’re going to find a collective voice. And whoever it is, we’re going to find a way to work it out. And we’re going to make sure that we, as lone wolves, we’re the only ones who are affected.
Thank you. Okay. Let’s call our challenge the Rebuild the United States. I have a two part question. Radio is one of the most powerful weapons in our society. I think a lot of people don’t understand it. The first actionable step is an action plan. And by 'situational awareness', I’m talking about something like .
So, I wrote it down because it seemed obvious. And I remember me and my then-boyfriend, “Brooke,” we were connected on Facebook. And we were always bumping into each other. And this is why we got into Facebook.” Facebook was just like, “Okay, you get to decide what is this?” And so, like I said, I was the organizing and got on the board and everything was happening so quickly. And I don’t know how many of you are familiar with my work at the Center for Youth Wellness. I started that in the fall of 2014, right after Donald Trump was inaugurated. I didn’t have a formal position at the time, but I felt like it was necessary because there was like, there was an issue here. Like there was something that was unifying here, and it was time for a change. Radio. So, we’ve had a lot of fun with this. I think that we have to keep the pressure up. I think the world is very much open for discussion of these issues. I think we have to keep the pressure up because there’s so much shit happening that it’s hard to get excited about, but we have to keep the pressure up because there’s so much shit happening. And hopefully the world will continue to change for the better.
Thank you. Alright. Thank you to this panel. There is a second question about Greta. I thought you had a lot of great things to say, but I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about Greta already. And I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about Greta and how you feel about her as a human being, but you have to kind of improvise here. And you said in your book, you kind of go, “Greta is dead.” What does that mean?
Yeah. It means that at that time, I didn’t think she was going to make it. I was like, “Oh, okay. Radioold’s hands were tied. I think he had to acknowledge me as his opponent, and I think he did it with kind of humor. I think he went on to win the nomination for a second time.
That’s a remarkable accomplishment. I didn’t even know I was going to win it for a second time. What did it mean?
It really means something, and what we were talking about, and I think it’s a testament to, first of all, the fact that you are a human, and you are able to connect with people, and I think that’s what made you a better campaigner.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s call our third panel up here. We have, and I want to remind everyone who is not coming to this town hall that the people who are managing this refugee crisis are the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, as are our local United Way officers. And we have a newscaster question. I thought you had a good one.
Yeah. I think this is a great question. Radio, we call him. He’s our safety advisor. He’s been a leader in the Red Cross and Red Crescent teams in Palestine, amongst other roles. He was born in Canada but grew up in the United States and has been a Red Cross spokesperson since the 1980s. He retired from the Vancouver Coastal Commission in 1986. He and his wife are affiliated with the Gorée family foundation and have served as a founding member, along with their two daughters, on the Vancouver Islander population board. So, a remarkable career. And he has provided leadership to our local Nurses and Community Based Organizations. We’ve had some incredibly memorable conversations with him about community issues. He is a founding member along with his wife Jen, of the Spokane Tribal Nations United Healthcare Jacksonville, a really important local organization. She is a founding Executive Director along with her husband, Dave Hall. Together, they represent the interests of the people of the Marshall Islands, the Federated State of Micronesia, and Republic of Palau. They also serve as Chair of the Spokane Tribe of Indians, Transitioning From Tribal To Tribal Governance and Justice. She and Dave Hall are longtime community activists and organizers. Radio over the radio, but it took some convincing.
And finally, you decided to make your book, and you went with it. And you gave us a little glimpse into what it might be like if, when you had to decide whether or not to write or not to write, you kept a diary of what you were feeling. That’s a sound you’re familiar with. And you tell us, in this book, that you kept a diary of what you were feeling during the time that you were most vulnerable. And you tell us that when you had the flu or you had a runny nose or you had trouble breathing, you felt like you were in a circus and that you had no choice but to engage in that. And that you began to write. And that while you were writing, you were also learning how to recognize when you were being manipulated, when you were being controlled, and that you had to be very, very careful. That you had to be very particular, because this is, you know, radio, you have a feeling, you have a vision. It’s just that’s how I’ve always heard it. Radio. It’s hilarious. I’m just like, ‘Oh, wait a minute. I don’t think that was actually it.’ I’m like, ‘Oh, wait a minute. I didn’t hear you say that.’ I’m just kidding.’ I didn’t hear you say that.’ So yeah, I’m just going to say that’s a little bit of a dark secret, right? I don’t want to keep it 20 years. It’s a funny story. I had just gotten all my life back and I was going to move to Paris and start my own blog and I was going to open my own hair salon. And I’m going, ‘Oh, I’m not coming back to this planet if I get AIDS and I’m not married and I’m not having kids.’ And every single person in this room, every single person, I’m going to feel that way about it.
I didn’t even ask you about it. Radio officer. For me, trying to maintain a calm, collected, professional demeanor while addressing a group of people is precisely what our agency needed at this moment. There’s something ineffable about these moments. I could not handle the thought that my agency and I might be tarnished in this way. And so I sunk so much of my energy into ensuring that the things that I believed in remained unshaken. I held off on endorsing a candidate because I was like, “well, it doesn’t look like he’s going to win.” And I think that’s what that moment was. That was the moment when I was able to put my two cents in and get something positive from it. I’d never been to a place where I didn’t want to help them get through this. I couldn’t believe that I was writing this and I couldn’t believe that I was about to put myself in that situation. And I feel like a lot of people in this room, maybe you are too. And I would just add that we’re dealing with a Trump in the White House. Radio show. And I posted a short note on that comment and I’m hoping it will attract the attention of the folks who organized the March on Washington. So I will.
I would like to thank the organizers for their persistence in working on this. Obviously, without you there, we wouldn’t have had the mobilization that we had. And we appreciate the persistence of people like you in working on this.
I’ve to be honest, I didn’t really know what I was doing was I was kind of gutsy and I was kinda like, “Oh, I’m going to post a video.” And I ended up doing the best I could do, and I posted a lot of videos. A lot of kids are reading this, talking to their parents, going to the bathroom and just really getting off on the idea of walking into a Starbucks and getting a latte. And I was like, “Okay, okay. Ijeoma, do you want to join me?” And you said, “Um, okay. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. This is so hard. Radio, which owns WNYC, which is a public radio station, as well as the Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and activist Ben Carson. So these are just a few of them. And you might have noticed that when I’m talking about this, I’m not afraid to use the N-word. That’s okay. It’s okay. I’m going to use it again tonight.
Yeah. I think that when we were in the middle of this, I was getting close to tears and I kept coming back to this, you know, in my heart, in my soul.