Religion and total non-violence is the backbone of Black Lives Matter. If you’re not a follower of that, you are an ally to the church. And that’s what this movement is all about.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. I just have a two part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on dogs and occasionally you’ll see viral videos of dogs, like siblings, being reunited and being very happy. And I was wondering if there’s been any studying into the potential emotional trauma that we inflict on them by separating them from their litters, their mothers. And then the second part is, if there’s been any study into if dogs love us in the same way or as much as their siblings or mothers. Like if a dog grows up with its sibling pup from the same litter and a human and then you stick the sibling dog and the humans that have grown up with in separate cages, which one does it go to first to comfort? Is it the human, is it— It sounds like you have a study there, come to the lab.Religion is having such a huge, huge impact, especially in these remote places where our populations are really low. I’m not even joking. You guys, are you serious? We are only scratching the surface of this. I mean, take a look at the World Heritage Committee in Taipei right now. They’re approving this entire perimeter of the Great Wall of China. It’s amazing. And this is just so amazing. And so I was informed, it’s a new story. New Zealand is going to get a new coat of paint. We are going to get a brand new fence. We’re going to get a brand new gate. We are just going to get a completely different feel about it. And it’s absolutely astonishing. And the fact that it’s completely free enterprise is something that really gets to the heart of what is wrong with our society. And what is it that you’re trying to do? You can do anything you want to do. And that means people. You can make a fortune if you work in free enterprise, or you can try something that you think is interesting and you think will strike a chord.Religion: I don’t believe in a personal God. I think we have to be sensitive, sensitive people. We have to show sensitivity towards people of all backgrounds, religions, creeds, sexual orientations, gender identities and gender expression. We have to show humanity. We have to show that we have to show that we have all humanity when we’re talking about ethics, when we’re talking about science, when we’re talking about healthcare. When we’re talking about healthcare, we’re talking about education, when we’re talking about equity, when we’re talking about respect. And we have to show humanity. We have to show that we have empathy and compassion for people of all backgrounds, religions, creeds, sexual orientations, gender identities, gender expression, trying to show humanity. That is the most important thing that I think we have to do.
I’m very sensitive about the idea of a Trump in the White House. I think he’s a threat to humanity. I think he’s a threat to humanity, because we’re talking about things that we as voters have no voice in.Religion. When you’re talking about the value of one, you forget that not everyone is a Christian. There are atheists as well, but they tend to be in the center, and that’s where the action is. In fact, one of the big pieces of the recent Progress report was on the connection between poverty and violence. And you talk about the importance of connecting the dots among these issues. So, one of the reports that we got was this one that had all these statistical associations between poverty and violence, but you’re like, ‘Oh, it’s poverty,’ you know, why is this, why is this happening.’ So what this report does offer us is a much more nuanced picture of what poverty looks like and what it looks like for those who are struggling in it. And it turns out, as I was doing the data mining, that poverty isn’t a mysterious force. That data is actually there. Hunger is a reliable indicator of what your chances are of becoming a victim of crime or of experiencing some other type of harm in your life.Religion, why would you want to put your ego or your emotion aside and do the right thing? And I think a lot of us have to do that. And I think a lot of times we feel like we have toot our way to the top. And I think a lot of times we can’t be bothered to just be quiet and just let them talk. And I think a lot of times we have to start being quiet and just not be having this huge presence in our communities.
You have to have the personality type that you’re trying to change the course of events. And I think one of the things that we really have to do is decide what is it that really matters? What is it that we really want to do?
I don’t know if anybody has ever had such a strong belief in themselves as I do today. I can’t tell you what it is, but I can tell you that it’s a very important part of why you’re involved with the work that you do. I had a friend make a suggestion.Religion is a big one, I think​—kind of like the Wilderness Institute is a big one. The Wilderness Society is a big one.
And so many of us are shaped by it. I think my thinking has been shaped by a lot of things. When I was telling you about this, one of the biggest things that came out was the number. It was like 4, maybe it was 3, we just can’t remember. It was so big.
It’s a big one.
It is, but it’s bigger than that.
It’s a big enough field for every single person of faith that we have a voice in, so let’s not kid ourselves. Let’s just say it’s 50% of the population. It’s going to be alright. You know, I think people get burnt out. I think one of the things about this book is that it has a close reader. We can see it’s influence in the data. We see it in the data about how long people stay in a given place. We see it in the data about how people feel about certain things.Religion is on the rise in the United States, and that’s because these countries that have legalized marijuana for medical use have also legalized it for recreational use. So that means if you get married in a country where marijuana is legal, you can get married in the US. If you have kids, you can get your kids' driver's license. If you have a house, you can get your house. Those things are just some of the legal protections that we accord to marriage equality.
Same here.
So I have to interject my own because I got a real easy one. You got to speak up.
I did not know this was an issue. I didn’t know it was an issue. After all, I was born in the US, grew up in the US. I know most of the people in this room don’t speak the language. So I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on what might be a little bit of a bumpy ride for you and whether or not you felt you needed to speak up.
I think a lot of us are ambivalent about it.Religion and human relationships. So the first book that came out was called The Reluctant Fundamentalist. And the author, a guy by the name of Jerry Falwell, is a familiar face to me because I worked with him in the Suicide Prevention Initiative and he was one of the four principal investigators on our team. And he wrote this:
Essentially, Jerry Falwell asks, if I have a conflict I’m unwilling to find a way to resolve it. And if I have a reasonable expectation that my children and I will find a way to work things out, then I’m willing to lay out the steps necessary to get there. And if they’re not, I say we find a way to resolve the conflict. And if they’re unresolved, I say we move on to the next book. And if we can collectively decide not to write another book, we can do it. You know, we’re used to it.
That’s the key to the book. I mentioned this in the suicide prevention initiative. I talked about how important it was, because we were concerned about the idea of a draft.Religion’s?” And so to be here today is really powerful because you have now found your calling in life. You have now found your calling as a human being is to make people of faith. And I’m so honored to have you here today.
I’m pleased to welcome you here. Why Boston?
Well, I was raised a Christian and as a Christian, that’s my whole life has been focused on the worship of God. So I was exposed to a lot of different religions, a lot of different worldviews, a lot of different moral philosophies, just to find where I fit into that whole spectrum. And I’ve been led here by a lot of different influences. It’s a really interesting connection, you have some of the loosest skin I’ve ever seen.
That’s right.
So I was taught to respect my elders, so I was raised to be a Mason and I couldn’t quite get my mind around it, but I was raised to respect my elders. I was taught to respect my parents. I was taught to respect my children. I was taught to not to disrespect my elders.Religion was the first major faith to join the movement, followed by other major organizations like the American Muslim Association and dozens of smaller organizations.
In an effort to broaden its appeal, the Muslim Association in 2013 released a video statement in support of the Affordable Care Act, reminding viewers that their leaders often lack the time or knowledge to properly implement the law or to advocate for it, as evidenced by the silence of the Senate majority leader. The statement read, in part, ‘As you know, the American Muslim community has been largely silent on this issue. We demand that our elected officials support this important legislation so we can ensure that all communities have access to quality preventive health services. We also ask that our leaders in Congress reflect on this issue and consider inserting a provision in the FY2015 Budget that would require the use of the NIMH to address the funding shortfalls in our healthcare system.