Science of this book, and I hope you like it.
Thank you.
Alright. Before we end this book, I would just like to ask, did you hear that the first issue of a new book called, What If? I’m wondering if you could say a little bit more about what is the focus of the book?
FINALLY, A NEW BOOK! That’s a great question. So the book actually has a couple of chapters in there. One about biotechnology, and one is a sort of, I think, a sort of cautionary tale of sorts about what might happen if we really went down this road of introducing all these new organisms. And you introduce us to these phrases like “indicator species” and these things like that, which to me are pretty indicative of a crisis in the biodiversity. So I wrote the chapter, I think, a little bit closer to the beginning of the book because it kinda sounds like you’re saying, “Hey, do something that looks like this.” So we might get lucky and have a crisis species, but most of the species that we’re dealing with are pretty routine and familiar to us.Science is very relevant in this field because when we have a monopoly of knowledge, it is unreasonably undynamic to expect that our actions will reflect well on our ancestors. We know that our ancestors did have a lot of variance in how they responded to pesticides, parasites, and pathogens. This variability shows up in our genetic makeup as we have different, more varied populations of honeybees competing for the same limited number of bee nests. Our genetic makeup is so complex that it is unreasonably undynamic to expect that we can simply map it out and observe it in our populations. In fact, one of the most important things about this book is that you actually are trying to do this thing called cognitive segregation. And I was actually surprised to learn that this is not a new discovery. Previous studies had linked honeybee brains with cerebrospinal fluid dynamics and with colony health and productivity. But this was the first study to link cognitive functioning to honeybee fitness. And that finding is still the gold standard for understanding how the minds of bees and other insects work.Science is waking up to this issue and urgently needed action is needed. I hope the new US senators will join with this other important initiative, the #AddameerAccountability, to form a working group to jointly investigate and report on the failure of this entire system. If not, we will all be missing this vital first step in connecting with scientists and engineers and building the change we all desperately need.
Thank you. Alright. At this point, I want to encourage both of you and the scientists involved in this to consider being canvassed on your views of #GamerGate here at home. We have a lot of questions, honestly. I didn’t want me to start this with a question. You probably all have a lot of questions. This is a good opportunity to get to work. If you don’t, you can come up here. If you do, you’re the only person besides me who has a simple yes or a simple “Yes” when I canvass questions about your work. You may not get a simple yes or no, but we will do it anyway. Alright. Thank you for being here.Science was like, ‘This person has to have the answers. I need to know the answers before I make a decision.’ And so we were like, ‘Okay, we’re going to do this test. Why don’t we do it in sequence?’ You know, I’m going to show up, you guys are going to get to hang out. I’m just going to write this whole book about it.’ And you guys are like, ‘Ummm…’ Okay. You don’t have to do it all at once. You can’t just come up with all of them.’ I’m like, okay, sure. I’m just going to do my best to make sure it’s not that I was trying to get you to do it all at once. It’s that— Yeah. There’s a lot of pain there, you know? We were talking about that pain in the book and the fact that it’s so fundamental, that it’s in every single chapter.Science, Siberia unplugged.
Hi. Given what you’ve said so far in your talk about the scientific significance of your work, why not dedicate one of the next two days to something more general, like your hope for the public or your hope for the state?
I think this is a fantastic question. So, I am hoping the state of Washington will join me here in Seattle and we can get together and talk about some of these other issues as well. So, I have a simple question. Why don’t we just call it climate change right now?
I don’t know if we can call it that, but it’s pretty cool.
It’s pretty cool.
It’s a great question. So we’ve been calling it climate change from the beginning. I think the climate action plan that we developed with the Climate Mobilizing Group in 2004 was called “Keep it In The Ground”. And we were very active in pushing for the Climate Movement to continue its work in communities across the country.Science was just being discovered. It was the same way that we were going from bare bones to high powered computers. Big data analytics was just getting started and big data rehabilitation was just beginning to be tested on dogs. And rightly so. When you see something like dog overactive stress response, what are you going to tell them? You’re going to tell them, you know, take a nap. But that didn’t happen. And I think that’s the key thing. You can’t just tell them, “Just do this and this will do.” No. Yes, next question.
I don’t know if I can follow up that question, but so, as I was reading Buzz, I caught a couple glimpses into references of feathers and seeds. And then, especially with the passage of time, especially with your dog being such a big part of your life, you mentioning years, I started realizing that you are aging your dogs. So I was wondering about the process of working with your dog and how you keep the two of them informed about what’s happening to them.Science I looked into the history of bee conservation in the United States and it is what they are—comprising, as they say, the dictionary—weave. The history of our species is long and complicated. It begins with an warning from the bird.
From an insect’s perspective, the world’s 10,000 species are too many to count correctly. Too many species to manage effectively. Too many to take on the risk of wiping them out completely. For that is the million-dollar question. How do you balance the need to preserve biodiversity with the need to protect us against ourselves? It’s a tricky issue because we don’t have a simple answer. We don’t have a quick fix. We don’t have a smoking gun. We don’t have some silver bullet that will stop all this nonsense. We just have a hodgepodge of tools and a willingness to think this through. And that willingness to think this through takes time. It takes time for ideas to filter through and get to the top of the tree. And that is why I write and I speak about this stuff so much. Because you see, you’re not alone in.Science is the last great civil rights issue that we will never be able to resolve is the impact of nuclear weapons on Black and Brown bodies. I think this is the most profound, most profound issue that we will ever confront. I think every single person of color is exposed to the nuclear threat with the possible use or threat of nuclear weapon. Every single person of color is exposed to the toxic stew that is produced when they boil, when they dehydrate, when they are exposed to all kinds of substances that have the potential to cause illness or death in the community that they live in. I think it’s exposed folks that have the disease or the illness it causes. I think it’s exposed folks that are suffering from the effects of that illness or that are suffering from the effects of that illness. And I think it’s time for us to stop. It’s time for all of us to stop playing. And we need to stop subsidizing the taking of illegal immigrants and we need to start providing real alternatives for legal residents. We need to stop short of that, but there’s no other way to stop us from doing it.Science does not stand for that kind of politics that we’re all fighting about right now. But we have to also be clear that we have to implement change, because we can’t have this conversation about politics as long as we have the politics of whiteness. And that means that we having a politics of social movements is crucial, because otherwise, our movements will never get bigger than they are right now. And if they get stagnant, then you have a problem. And if they get overwhelmed, then you have a problem. And whoever controls the purse strings has the most to lose. And I have tremendous faith in Gandhi’s leadership because I believe that if you have the leadership, you have the potential to transform this planet.
I have to say, I’m not totally sure. I think part of what makes her leadership possible is that she has a very real sense of the earth and the water is what she calls “the new air”. And what it is, is it’s a combination of those two things. And what we’ve done is we’ve added another 350. org. It’s very significant.Science of the Seattle area. So you have one of the strongest populations of birds in the world. You have overgrazed and we’ve been seeing much more wildflowers and there’s an extraordinary diversity of habitats here. So one of the most important things that we can do is ensure that we’re rewilding us. Thank you.
I appreciate that part of your presentation was color, I thought it was a little bit silly that you would bring up post-industrial America and how it’s affected us economically and culturally. But I think we have a realistic expectation that we as environmentalists should do much more to help people rediscover this.
I think this is one of the most important things that I think we can do this year. I think a lot of people in this room have never even met a Knepp before. This is the guy who built the nuclear weapon that was used to fire the Hiroshima bomb. And he was arrested for that and later convicted and served our country with that. So he has a serious case here. But I think many other people don’t have a case. I think this is one of the most basic things that we have to do.