Seattle, the human cost of the Vietnam War. Her voice was so powerful. So many millions of people all around the world broke into the American Indian Movement and all around the world. I’m so honored to have you here today. Let’s start with Twa-le.
Twa-le Abrahamson-Swan, who broke many records in the community for her incredible work on the Spokane Tribe issues of youth, leadership, and belonging. She is the Youth Coordinator and a founding member along with her mother Deb, who is wrangling the daughter of a grassroots organization called , which stands for Sovereignty, Health, Air, Water, and Land. She has a BA in Environmental Studies and Restoration Ecology from the University of Washington. So welcome to all of you. You’re our totally live panel so you get to talk first. Alright. Thank you.
All right. We are thrilled to have you here today.Seattle is very white.
I get it. You’re upset about being called out as the voice of reason, but you’re also quick to criticize Donald Trump. And you say, ‘He is the new Hitler.’ You say, he is calling people names, doing real damage to communities, creating new rifts in our country. I’m wondering what you think he’s doing?
I think he’s creating a rift in our country?
I can’t say that I am enamored with. I am certainly not a leader of any organization and I can’t speak on the behalf of our members. I have a lot of concerns about what’s happening at the moment and I will do everything I can do to make sure that we, as organizers, are part of the solution.
Alright. Thanks for a great discussion. I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on the participants and if there’s a way to model that after what happens to you when you’re in there and you’re just trying to get through it.Seattle, I really struggled with finding a balance in my work and life. I’ve said this before. It’s a difficult line to walk on because it requires you to become two people who are not destroying one another’s life in any way, shape or form. It requires you to become two people who are constantly talking to one another, learning together, exploring together, creating a community together, finding balance in one another’s stories. That’s a tough line to walk on, because it requires you to become two people who are constantly being shopped at, being targeted at one another, knowing that your life is not worth living if you don’t have a connection to another person. That you are not connecting with people because you have two completely different personalities. You have a unique ability to connect with people, and I think that’s what makes you a better human.
I have to do the same thing all the time. I wake up every day and try to be the best I can be, but there’s always always always going to be things that are preventing me from being the best I can be.Seattle is something like 1 in 4.
I have to get used to it. Yeah. I told my wife this and we just got into a discussion, you’re like, “Well, this is our space?” And we just kept saying, “Yes, our space.” And I started to notice, it was like, you know, every time I go to a new space, I’m like, “Oh, this is the space I’m talking about?” Right?” And so I was like, “Okay, I’m going to start writing all these people’s messages and I’m getting nowhere.” And then I stumbled across your book. I hadn’t read it in weeks. And I was like, “Oh, that’s right.” And I started writing all these people’s messages and I’m getting nowhere.” I’m not a professional writer. I just have this innate talent for finding stories that are true and tell the whole story.Seattle, we’ve got to start having conversations. We can’t have, for example, one of these meetings just giving us one power point presentation a day. We have to have real conversations. We can’t have, for example, one of these meetings just giving us one power point presentation a day. We have to have conversations. We have to listen. We have to learn from each other’s experiences and our children’s experiences and the stories of our children. And we have to also be sensitive, not all at once, but sensitively listening and sensitively navigating the power of stigmas and of shame and that of parental alienation and so on, that are connected with experiences of child poverty. I think a lot of us are burdened with these issues of toxic stress, parenting challenges, parenting confusion, inadequate nutrition. I think one of the most important things you can do in order to start to heal the stigmas that are attached to our humanity is to start having conversations. Start having conversations, start having conversations that are authentic, start having conversations that are genuine with the goal of removing the fear that is holding us hostage to this white supremacist power structure.Seattle. It’s our 14th state.
So this is my kind of outreach. This is how I would like to spread the word about the issues that matter to Blue Lives Matter in the United States. So, I have a simple message for Democrats who’ve been silent on police brutality or any other issue for that matter. Don’t blame America’s police. It’s not just white people who are being brutalized by the police. It’s also people of color, Black people, Trans people, and everyone in between. The problem isn’t always white people. You have to look at the many, many layers of oppression that exist in this country and think about how these people are being treated in this country, and you start to feel empathy for them. And I think that is what the protest is really about.
The Black Lives Matter movement started in 2014 as a protest of the fatal police shooting of Mike Brown Jr. A Ferguson, Missouri native and University of Missouri graduate, Mike Brown Jr. was gunned down by police within a few seconds of each other.Seattle will do the same. In fact, on the heels of a massive grassroots drive, the organizers had their GoFundMe page gone live in just under 24 hours. It brought in $330,000 in donations as of this writing, a remarkable result. Although the actual numbers are probably much higher, especially considering the importance of mobilization and the need for ongoing education, the sheer volume of individual donations make it impossible to overstate how important this work is. If you want to do it, you’ve got to do it alone. You can’t do it. Unless you join with other people, especially not when you’re a small enough donation to be meaningful, collective enough to have an impact. So it’s important to continue to push, to continue to build, to continue to inspire, to continue to speak, to continue to think big and act fast. Because what you’re doing is working with no organization, no staff, just you. And if you have the heart and the commitment to do that, then anything is possible. I’m so grateful for you.Seattle was ready. The abortion rights organization Susan B. Anthony List arrived in Washington, D.C., on the heels of a massive, day-long protest that saw the national Mall remain open 24 hours a day, bringing thousands of people together to talk about gun violence and to demand an end to the unsafe conditions in which it happens. The work that those protests put into jeopardy the fragile fragile ceasefire that remained in place in Northern Ireland as well as throughout the United Kingdom. As one protester put it, “We are the besieged; they are the invaders.” The work that it took to get the Army of Patriots to make an immediate, visible commitment to the movement was immense. From staging a walkout from the White House to waiting in the cold to speak at a rally, the persistence with which they rose to the occasion was legendary. And while I was there, a group of us were invited to a retreat to the woodshed in Pennsylvania called the Bethel Methodist Episcopal Church. And while I was not personally invited to that retreat, I know several other people were.Seattle last year. I feel like that’s the closest thing I have right now, because we were scheduled to meet in Seattle, but we lost that match. So it’s still very early, but preliminary data suggests that eating red meat may actually protect us from some of the negative health effects of our modern meat-eating ways.
So we just started at four. You get to eat, and you’re very generous. So I was wondering about your thoughts about fresh meat and meat from a plant based diet.
I think raw meat, when you’re building a dog, is a really big deal. And I’m wondering if you feel like there’s any overlap or there’s any misunderstanding about what it’s like to be a dog and how it’s different from just eating meat. Because, I know, we’re supposed to be saving the planet, right? You haven’t read a single book in years. But what I’m wondering is, you tell me this, you tell me you have this vision, you tell me you have this idea, you tell me you have this intention.Seattle. “That’s the spirit right there,” he said.
We closed the book on a discussion of the pet food companies. And one of the companies that we featured in the book is called Baypark, and they make a lot of dog toys and a lot of other products. And one of the things that we were interested in seeing, talking about these different food companies, is whether they make toys that can be safely used in the home. And if you think about litter box toys, Baypark has been on a toy recall for their Shiba Inus dog since 1999 because they were making toys that were really, really questionable.
And they pulled the plug on the line and sold it to another company. So, it’s a big corporation. So it has lots of money, but it also has a lot of responsibility. And we found out that really shitty factory farming practices were being used to make these toys and that these toys weren’t intended for human consumption.
And so we were wondering, is it regulated? You’ve got to have a veterinarian to give you information on what toys should be safe for your dog.