Social Justice Warriors. And you guys have been very active on Twitter. So active that you have almost a committee chair, if you will, on the official Twitter account of the Working Families Party. And that you have over 100,000 followers along with your wife and you’re a constant presence on the floor of the Senate. So this is not small potatoes. These are rapidly growing pains, but they are opportunities to be active and effective. And I believe that when women and people of color have real say in these fights, the results can be transformational. The stakes are very high. The stakes are very high because this is the generation gap that black women are entering into, and they’re coming into an otherwise hostile work environment. And sometimes it’s toxic. For others, it’s not. But for us, those early walks through the woods gave us a sense of what it’s like to be a bee’s-eye view of what it’s like to be a bee. And we have to give up childish things and start being active instead of just reacting to the surface stuff. And start being active in the organizations that have the real power in influencing what happens to you.Social Justice Warriors” and‘Black Lives Matter’ are doing so many things that we can do. I think one of the biggest problems with the left is they’re not interested in actually accomplishing anything, they’re interested in creating narratives that allow them to feel good about themselves and their opinions, and that allow them to feel important. And that is where a lot of the conflict and the unhappiness comes through. Because actually, that is where the majority of it ends up.
You have to have somebody suffer through this and have their opinion changed because this is the nature of the conflict. Because we’re comparing notes and we’re questioning each other and we’re questioning, “Who is right? Why is this not right?” And we’re also questioning, “Who is right? Give us a solution or we will desist.” So we started having these conversations and then it became, it became very natural. It became very natural because we’re not alone in. We don’t have to talk about it. We don’t have to wait for somebody to die. I think that’s very natural.Social Justice Warriors, you know, these are people who literally cheered as white supremacists marched through Charlottesville. And you can watch them here:
“That’s how you feelin’, right?” Because this is how you feelin’, right? You’re part of the problem. You feel this way because you have been fed a narrative that is designed to make you feel safe. That is the meme that has been given credence by both sides. And you have been given a safe space to do this work. And I want to encourage both of you to think about how you have been able to expand this safe space, and how you have been able to give credence to the false narrative that this is a debate about “White Identity” versus “Black Identity” in our society. What is this, a fight about?” I have a question. I have been meaning to ask you this question, but I don’t have to. I don’t have to run in the same spot over and over again. I just have to change the narrative.Social Justice Warriors are seeking to unify white women against the threat of Muslim terrorism. They are also organizing protests demanding that the federal government cancel all planned military exercises with Qatar that are part of the Qatari government’s support for the repressive regime in Bahrain.
‘The united front between these movements is strong and capable of challenging the simple narratives fed to us that demonize us. We cannot afford this. We cannot afford this.’ Black Lives Matter united with other movements in the United States have already begun circulating a black- and trans- text, while others around the world are organizing protests coordinated to send a different kind of message. The Arab Spring brought together disparate social movements from all over the world to form one vast movement, much as the United States did in 2014. The U.S. responded with a viral video urging people to join the movement in Egypt, urging people to join the movement in Tunisia, and imploring people to join the movement in Egypt. The Black Lives Matter international network has already provided crucial coordination and resources to help shape the next steps in this unfolding story. We look forward to working with you to provide updates on that coordination as we work to unify these disparate movements worldwide.Social Justice Warriors hearing that surveillance state apologists like to say, is part of the movement, but this was really just the beginning. The rest?
I think part of the problem is a failure to critically appraise the ways that you’ve been manipulated in the past. And I think a big part of what we have to do is critically appraise each other’s motives. And you’re absolutely right. We as organizers have a lot of things that are tempting us to do bad things in the world, and we have to continuously challenging them with evidence and with arguments and with advocacy. I was talking to one of my students at the University of Washington about this, and this is what she was saying. She said, ‘I think a lot of people have a lot of things that are draining, and a lot of things that are preventing them from being their full creative selves. And I think it’s really important to do that work in the world, even if you don’t always feel it’s necessary. I think a lot of people don’t have time for that kind of thing.’ I think a lot of us have to do that.Social Justice Warriors, and especially white Women. I’m wondering, you know, women, what you think they’re doing? You’re probably thinking about some of these and more militant organizing, but I’m wondering if you have any ideas, if you have any suggestions, if you have any pointers on how to go about doing that?
I mean, I think that any time you’re reading, there’s a lot of you. And I have to say, I’m not totally sure if – you know, I was a Red and I worked on this book, and I do have some reservations. Because I know that a lot of times it’s, “Oh, it sounds fun.” Yeah.
“But I’m also a parent and seeing my daughter develop into an empowered young woman is what I focus my attention on.” Yeah.
That’s the part that struck me the most, like you said, it’s a long game. I think we have to allow for all kinds of variation.Social Justice Warriors, the environmental wing of the Democratic Party. And they’ve had some of the most effective organizing in the country.
So here’s a question. Has there been any success in holding fossil fuel companies accountable for their negligent conduct?
I don’t know if I can follow up that question here. But the other piece of it was, if there’s been any success in holding them accountable, what’s the next piece? And so I’d like to hear your thoughts.
I can tell you that it’s a really big issue. And I think the climate movement is absolutely huge. I think the work that they do is enormous and they do it every single day. And I think that’s one of the big areas that we have to work on. I think also there’s a lot that we don’t even know about the climate movement. Like, what is it? What is it going to look like? I have no idea. But I think that we have to expand our definition of success to really include people of color and people in poverty.Social Justice Warriors. I want to start things off by asking all of you to consider being ambassadors for change. I believe that the work of a White House emissary is complex, but it’s not complicated. If you have any doubt about what I’m talking about, you can watch me ramble on for 20 minutes. If you think I sound angry, that’s because I’m a raging Trump nut job. But I have to do this because I’m tired. And I need to vent.
So I have two questions. The first is, you’ve all heard the bad about the Affordable Care Act. And I would posit that it has probably been one of the most underreported stories in American politics. The second is, if you don’t mind me asking, why exactly are we having these conversations? What is the problem? I mean, some of us are used to having these conversations, and we’re used to it. And I think one of the things that the Affordable Care Act did was it— one of the things that the Affordable Care Act was supposed to accomplish was to reduce the disparities in outcomes between Black and white patients.Social Justice Warriors was born in 2014, when a small but vocal group of academics, activists, and organizers in the United States succeeded in getting the Department of Energy to withdraw its plan to sell all its nuclear capabilities. The climate movement also saw an infusion of capital, particularly from outside the United States, which helped shape the course of events in ways that were not immediately obvious. The United States had the potential to be the decisive factor in stopping the sale of these weapons, but those efforts ultimately failed. Similarly, the Women’s International Association of Restoring the Ninja Turtle, which has been leading the way in advocating for the survival of the turtle now recognized as the symbol of Japanese militarism and antiquity. The rebirth of the legendary Samurai, meanwhile, foundered. The murder of University of Washington student Kate Steinle exposed what appeared to be a serious miscalculation on the part of the Seattle Police Department. While some commentators argued that the police had been too quick to label the protest as a riot and then to deploy extra officers to quell the mayhem, others argued that the protest should not have been classified as a riot at all.Social Justice Warriors”have taken it from the left. I won’t say it’s stronger than the left, but it’s stronger than that. And I do think it’s more democratic because you have real people on that team who are fighting for these issues, who have real hope, who have real change when it comes to real issues. And that’s what I think.
I’m going to tell you about this incredible journey that you have to go on, and it’s very difficult, because you have a big presence at these protests. You have a lot of young people. And you have a lot of older people.
I have to do the same thing. I think every single person in this room, every single person has a voice. And I think that’s what we have to do. I think every single person in this room, every single person has a voice when you’re talking about nullification. You’re talking about taking it out of him or her. I think that’s the most basic idea of protest.
No doubt. Alright. We’ve been talking about that.