Sports and Games Alliance. And we have over 140 local organizations that have joined us. So thank you for that.
I can tell you that whatever pain you are going to feel right now is not how you feel it tomorrow. Because I don’t know what it’s going to feel like tomorrow. But I know that you are going to be very busy making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are making sure that we are a safe, equitable, and just a wonderful city for our children to call home.
I couldn’t say it better myself, but I feel like you have been sorely lacking as a leader of some of our communities. I was raised in a small town and I know, it’s on the reservation, it’s on the Spokane reservation. But my people don’t have a voice. They don’t have a right to education, they don’t have a right to health, they don’t have a right to a safe and nurturing community. Sports and Games for Peace and Justice. I want to also talk about something that is absolutely huge, which is the fact that just the other day, a United Nations General Assembly was holding its first session just outside New York City. This session, the General Assembly was struggling to come up with a resolution on the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land. And one of the major speakers at the United Nations was China’s top peace and justice official, Liu Jieyi. And so this is the man who brought the historic attention of the Chinese government to the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 2006 and was personally slapped in the face by then Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak. And that, by the way, is the man that Barak personally asked Liu to publicly apologize for criticizing the United States on the Iran hostage crisis.
And so this is the man who, by the way, is apologizing for that very thing right there. The United States.
It’s always tragic when you see something so utterly stupid like that happen. Sports and Games for our fellow Americans. I have a two-part question. The first part, I think, is probably the most interesting part. You’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on athletes and it’s something that I think all people can relate to.
Yeah. I think that, for me, one big piece of it was really connecting with my daughter. I think that when she was talking to Kaepernick, she was asking him, you know, do you have to kneel or can you do this and can you do this? And I think that’s what she’s asking right now. And I think if you had the answers, she probably is right. Because I think a lot of us are stuck, you know, playing through injuries or not being good enough or whatever else you’re dealing with. And I think a lot of us are also dealing with racism and you know, especially when you’re talking about players, there’s going to be people who are dealing with things that we can relate to. So I was also dealt a different kind of hand with this than any other athlete. Sports and Games Workshop. Thank you.
I have two questions. The first is something I think can be a little bit of a— I think maybe we can work together to come up with a better question. You ask the second question, so it’s a question of when you work with kids, what inspires you to be a better human? And I think one of the big things about that is they come from pretty different points in your life. And I have to tell you this, it’s pretty reflective of where you’re coming from, right? It’s not always positive, but it’s always inspiring. And I think that’s what I like to talk about it. So, you know, I started this blog not too long ago and I’m still very much an advocate. I still get inspired by the things that happen. I still struggle with the things that I do every day. And I think that is the part that really makes me happy is that I can share this story with other people, even if it’s not always inspiring, but it’s still powerful when you share it.
Yeah. Sports and Games, is an important part of what we do. And we really get down to and exceed any other group by far in terms of resources. And so for us, working with them is more than just an economic necessity; it is a moral imperative. We all have a stake in ensuring that these values of sustainability and humanity are upheld in our communities. And working with them means being part of a larger movement, and we feel that we have a real opportunity to ensure that these values are deeply embedded in the landscape because we see massive improvement in our community through the work we do at the community level.
I see a lot of things that are contributing to the decline of the dog. One of my favorites is their overuse. Like, I don’t know any people of color who practice Cesar Chavez and Wrigley? I don’t know any people of color who do Cesar Chavez, right? I mean, we’re dealing with people of color all the time.
Right. And one of the things that has happened as a result of this is that the demand for our dogs to stop being so trigger happy has led us to places where we don’t have to leash them anymore. Sports and Games for our Nation. The first Presidential Debate was, how do you reset the clock? And this is my hope, is that we can reach an agreement that includes a provision that would allow us, in the State of Washington, to try to speak to the disdain many people have for our current moment. I believe that we have to do this in a way that is non-partisan, that brings people together across the aisle to talk about these important issues. And I believe that we have to do this in a way that is accessible, so that we can reach across the aisle and connect with people on. So with that said, I believe that we have to find a way that we can reach across the aisle, and I believe we have to start somewhere. So with that said, I believe we need a movement on both sides. I believe that the movement on the liberal side has to be very strong, because as we’re moving into an era of more liberal democracy, we’re moving into a society where that’s where the issues will be decided. Where the progress will be made. Sports and Games and the uses thereof. So I like to think of it like an educational system for kids. So we work so you don’t have to explain it. It’s just basically you get to pick and choose and choose and you can’t go wrong. I hope this helps.
Ye ah. And I’m wondering if you can say a little bit more about how these migrations are affected by climate change and how important it is to consider that this is a crisis in and of itself as opposed to focusing on trying to mitigate the impacts of climate change.
Oh, great question. So one of the things that migrations do is that they’re transporting carbon. So one of the things that when you have a population that big, one of the things that they do is they’re transporting carbon. So one of the things that we have to do is we have to reduce the amount of carbon that we’re transporting out of this planet. So one of the ways we can do that is by going to places where we don’t have to store any more carbon. Places like Greenland, which has the potential to store 3. 6 tons per year. Sports and Games for Kids, a Los Angeles–based non-profit that combines grassroots service with deep research expertise to bring this knowledge to bear on the challenges that confront us. For every member of the Los Angeles Unified School District, Ahmed Mohamed went to the Muhammad Ali Center to give his all so that all students in Los Angeles Unified can have safe and nurturing schools. And to give back to the community who has been so incredible in this effort, giving back to the community who has been so amazing in terms of organizing, fundraising, all these different kinds of ways in which they’ve provided so much hope to so many different people in this community, as a result of which I think we have the resources to make a difference.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s call our third panel up here. We have, and thank you again to the two of you and to John Reppenhagen for his vision and leadership in getting this book coming out. So here’s a question. Has there been any success in holding Newmont accountable for their negligent conduct? What are the avenues to hold them accountable? Let me ask the second question, maybe we can combine here. Sports and Games – I think everyone has an opinion about the new Bears vs. Niners game. I think the players have united and they’re taking it from the field into the community. I think that when you see a unified front like that, you get to feel like you’re in a united people. I think that’s what makes you a better football team.
You have to feel like you’re in a movement to be able to do that. I think the people have to be able to reach across the aisle and they need to feel like they’re part of a movement. And I think the media needs to stand with the players and let them know that they need to be joined and whatever pain they’re in, the people are going to get through it.
I think we’re up here because when we sitting here and we picking and choosing and we changing the script and we seeing and we seeing so many different things happening, it makes us feel like we’re in a museum and things are happening on a massive scale. I think we have to do the same thing. Sports and Games for Black Lives Matter in Seattle. I’m proud to say my organization has played a pivotal role in steering the movement for justice and we have seen tremendous progress made. I believe it is time for all of us to step up our organizing to ensure the change we seek is met.”
Hello. My name is John Repp and I’m the Member Relations Officer for Beyond the Bomb. Our organization was born out of frustration with the Obama administration’s failure to provide meaningful action to address the nuclear arsenals of our country. As you see the Trump administration’s recent moves to strip nuclear weapons of their legal protections is only the latest development in a disturbing pattern of behavior that you will soon see in the news. I can’t wait.
Hello. My name is Reihan Salam, Jr. and I am Reihan Kamik Harris’s closest personal friend and I can tell you something about my reaction to the recent moves to strip nuclear weapons of their legal protections. I was born in Canada and raised in the U. S. A. I have a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University.