Storytelling. So that is a really important skill. And you see examples of people who have great stuff, but you don’t share it. You share it with people, but you don’t go to work every day and you share it with people who need it. And I think that’s one of the biggest challenges for us as a trainer is trying to make the art of coaching shine.
I think one of the biggest challenges for us is we’re constantly changing the way we do things. And so one of the things that I try to do is to help define the science, and then our best practices, and then systems that are scalable. Because what you are doing is you’re comparing yourself to Lady Gaga. Who is it that you admire? Lady Gaga is like creative muscles have creative muscles of their own. Okay, so don’t you dare compare your idea to Lady Gaga. She’s got, like, $100 billion. She’s got, like, 3.8 million followers on Twitter.Storytelling center on the first floor. She’s trained to be a shaman and has a BA in Philosophy from Swarthmore. Thank you.
Hello. My name is Alyssa Crittenden and I’m the Air Quality Specialist for AAWS. Our organization is a national nonprofit, grounded in evidence, rooted in science, grounded in movement building, rooted in justice. Working alongside communities and tribes to ensure that our organizations are meeting the 21st century challenge of ultra violet smog.
Hi. We are so excited to hear that you referenced Bayonne so often in your testimony today. And we’ve wondered why you chose that particular moment to bring it up. And the short answer is is is just the way you’re carrying it out. It’s part of your larger testimony today which is entitled, “How You’re Changing The World”. And you talk about how you have come to fundamentally rethink how you do environmentalism and you talk about how you have come to fundamentally rethink the way that you think about doing that. And that is amazing. And I’m so glad you do recognize that.Storytelling for me is an important part of my day. I have to be able to shift gears, shift my bias, shift my perspective, and this book has that. So this is why I wrote and I’m still trying to shift the way I look at it so that I can be a better advocate.
I have to do the same thing all the time. I come to this bar at this hotel in New York with no expectations. I come for the food, we eat afternoons, and then we talk. I’m always willing to walk up and talk to people, even when I know it’s not going to work. I’m always willing to put an issue aside, even when it’s really important to me not to. And that’s why I have this bar. It’s a place where I can find honesty with myself and others. I’m a very soft and vulnerable person. And this book is the first time that I really started to feel like I had to play myself. I never really cared what people thought about me. I cared about winning, and I cared about being liked.Storytelling, learning to listen. Now that is a hard thing to do because a lot of us are wired to react to certain things, and we have to learn how to modulate that and to be able to modulate when we are able to show up to work and feel valued. And I think that is what the team at the Center for Youth Wellness is thinking about day in and day out, every single day, is that our goal is that every pediatrician in America will be screening for adverse childhood experiences. And right now we’re only at 4%. So we have a long way to go, but I believe that we will get there.sYour hope for that comes through loud and clear in the book. You say, “Our goal is that every pediatrician in America will be screening for adverse childhood experiences.” You say, “This is not an exaggeration.” You say, “This is the key to preventing this from happening.” You say, “This is the key to preventing this from happening is to expand access to preventative services. We cannot go on the way we have.Storytelling happens when you’re in a situation that you can’t be Stopped. You can’t be Tooked. You don’t know what to do next. And so you just keep saying, “Okay, I have to do this.” And eventually, you begin to worry that it’s not worth it. And you begin to worry that it’s not worth the effort.” And finally, you say, “Okay, I’m going to do it.” And then you think, “Okay, well, it didn’t work.” And then you say, “Okay, great. I’m going to stop being so standoffish and I’m going to let go.” So you begin to to to process what you’re doing. And at first you just couldn’t do it. You couldn’t stop taking pictures.Storytelling and creating some real change.
I thank you very much for a really interesting, illuminating talk. One of the things that we were struck by in this book is the relationship between the history of this book, the history of environmental racism in America, is that you bring it up so often and so often. It’s in this chapter that you discuss the role of bees in African American culture. You go on to say that bees have a lot to answer for, including for slavery and the role they played in the creation of the modern nuclear age. I think one of the things that this book has in common with so many other books is that it answers so many questions, so frequently, that you end up answering so many questions. This is the fifth time I’ve heard this question. My God, I have to say, I’m not sure if I like it or not. I mean, a lot of authors give you the ammunition and ammo for you to be angry and frustrated and then you’re ready to launch into a rant. I’m not sure if I like it or not. I mean, this is the second time I’ve heard this question.Storytelling. It was the most powerful time of my adult life. I don’t know. It was the day of the Women’s March in DC. I don’t know. I was like, “Well, it didn’t work.” You know?” We were supposed to have been the organizing teams for those protests. So we’re supposed to have been the lifeline for women to get off the sidelines and be able to start to have real advocacy. And this is the first protest that we all tried to put on the same page was, like, we’re supposed to be the team that’s supposed to stop Trump from doing his worst and create the conditions for real change? And we were like, “Um, okay.” And we were going at it. I think I’m going to go first and maybe we can work this out.” And some of us were going to be the team that had the better plan for change, because we all had this idea at the same time. We were all waiting to hear back from DC about how we were going to change things and how we were going to work it out.Storytelling is the art of working the system and learning the system. It’s not always obvious what you’re doing it for, but the results can be simple. When you find the right balance between being vulnerable and unleashing the power of the wolves, you become what you work is.
I have to do the same thing all the time. I wake up every single day and I have to remind myself that the goal is never to get great at something, it’s always to get great at nothing. And to me, that’s what the purpose of my life and my work is, is to get me through this moment and this struggle of everything, that’s all I’m going to get into this moment where I can decide to be who I am and let go.
I have to do the same thing all the time. For the longest time, I thought it was a joke. I went to my first Rangers game, my first preseason game, and I remember being on the plane, and I’m just like, “Well, it’s not my first preseason game.” It’s the first preseason game.Storytelling is the final word that we will ever hear from these people. So we lost so many battles. I was in Hawaii on a defense perimeter for the George Bush administration when 9/11 happened. I flew home on Air Force One, landed in New York, and it was the longest night of my life. I was in the 92nd Street area all day long. I was not allowed to fly on any flights until after midnight. I was not allowed to go to bars or restaurants until 2 a.m. because I was worried about being followed. I was not allowed to have a cellphone, no matter how weird it is. I was stopped at a red light, turned around, and asked if I needed a cab. No, I’m sorry. What are you doing, flying an American Airlines flight?” That’s a real story.
That was 9/11/01. So this is how long it has been since then. I feel like you have a real friend in this book.
Yeah. Well, I mean, I started this book in 2001, so I’m still the only person who has been on a plane this year that I felt safe returning to.Storytelling and taming. You’re life is very simple, is to just let go. To just let go and really be you, your true self, is what we’re supposed to do it. And once you let go, you suddenly realize, everything else falls away and you are transported to a place of what is probably some kind of mystical being. I’m not even joking around. You get to have this conversation with your wife and you suddenly everybody is laughing and talking about your hair. And you’re like, “Oh, that’s so funny you’re laughing about my hair.” And then you’re like, “I’m not laughing about your hair.” You get up and you walk out.
That’s real funny.
I didn’t even know I was walking out that hard.
Oh. Right.