Theater, Film and Television four times in the top ten grossing films of all time, the list of artists whose work was used in one of the top ten grossing films of all time is long and illustrious. Among these artists are Salvador Dalí, Jeanelle Fermat, Jeanelle From Riot Grrrl to name a few, but none is more important than Jeanelle.
I first became aware of her work through reading an article in Rolling Stone that described how she came up and how she remembers working on her first film,20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.
And I was like, “Oh my God.” Because I was like, “Oh my God, I’m not doing this.” I’m sorry. My mistake.” And I was like, “What was it?” And you were like, “Oh, it was a joke.” I was like, “Oh, it’s a joke.” I’m sorry. I ruined it.” It was a serious mistake. IOTA. Theater of the absurd, the hypocrisy is breathtaking. The state legislators that enacted these horrific laws are, in some cases, still defending them from recall. A recent example, the infamous "Right to Try" bill, which was signed into law by the current Governor Jerry Brown. The rationale for this bizarre position statement, according to which our legal system protects the right to try the most heinous crimes against our humanity, the right to inflict pain on others with impunity, is as follows. “Lawrence, you have a lot of explaining to do. I don’t know if I can follow up with you later today. But here’s what I like to say, it takes a special kind of prosecutor to bring these cases.” It takes a special kind of lawyer to successfully prosecute a case like this. A lot of other people go to jail for doing the same thing that Brown did with the asbestos. Or for doing it in an industrial setting. Or for doing it in a rural area. Or for doing it in Deaf and hard of hearing area. And so these are areas where, prior to these laws being enacted, there was a real fear that they would be used to silence poor and working class people. Theater. There were performances every night. I have a lot of great nights where I just really loved it, but otherwise I’m exhausted. I’m trying to do the best I can do every night. So I’m going to have to be really selective and use Pitchfork and I’m going to have to make sure that I keep my mouth shut and I’m not giving anybody any indication that I’m doing anything but the best I can do.
I seem to recall you telling the story about the first time you heard it, you were pretty young.
Yeah.
And I connected with that ’cause I remember I was in preschool. Somebody called me that and I had the exact same experience. I didn’t know what it meant, but I knew it was a boy, you know, whatever.
That’s a long time.
It’s a boy, huh?
Yeah.
It’s long enough for a girl to call you that.
Well, it’s a boy.
Okay. Well, okay. Theater, the Mercury Lounge, atrium by the pool. I don’t know if you saw the movie Kitchen Stories. It was a Scandinavian movie about the kitchens in the Soviet Union. I don’t know if you remember, but you were the chef and all these people were serving this soup called Noma Noma.
And I thought, “Well, that’s interesting. I thought that was interesting too.” But the thing I was most proud of was actually insuring that we were the only people in the room. Because we had this whole film about how terrible this was and how we all just wanted to vomit. And we just couldn’t believe it was actually happening. And we were like, “Um, okay.” And we made a pact on the spot that if we made it to the end, we would say, “Well, it was horrible.” And so we were like, if it was horrible, we were not in the room. If it was good, we were going to eat it up.” And we just couldn’t believe it was actually happening. Theater.
I can’t believe I’m writing this again.
Well, I’m glad you do. What’s the last thing you wanted to happen was this?
I don’t know. It was.
It was a consistent theme throughout. Every time we got close to a resolution, the clock started counting down to zero. And for every team, there was a point where it was just not worth it. There was a point where it was just not worth it for us to keep trying to reach an agreement because we knew that we could not reach an agreement because the facts were just not going to change. And so at that point, I think, the Seahawks, with the people that were with them, when they reached out to us and were like, “We’re not going to let you down here. We’re not going to let you down here.” And I think that’s what made us a unique team. And I think the Seahawks are still very much so. I think the Seahawks owe it to whoever it is that sent us here to make sure that we stayed true to ourselves. Theater. Fortunately, their commute was not too shabby.
Anyway, I was wondering if you have any plans at all?
Well, I don’t have a very good answer for when you’re trying to put a bunny in a stocking, but I will say that it’s a really iconic movie and it has to be relatable. So, I think for me, I think the first step is really listening. And I think that was the journey of this book. As much as I wanted to make a documentary about the dog, the dog wanted to be relatable. So if you think the dog is interesting, you’re going to have to Infantile them.
Alright. Well, I’m so glad you finally admitted you made it.
I’m really glad you said that.
I’m so, too. What’s it been?
It’s been insane. You know, I was talking to one of my friends. Theater of the absurd. Theater of the absurd. I can’t believe I’m writing this again.” I can’t believe I have to say this again. It is so true. I speak every day and I’m so tired of hearing myself talk about how I feel. And I have to hold myself accountable because I owe it to those of us who have been touched by this and know that there’s a lot of pain here. This is a massive issue and it’s gotten way too big. I don’t know how to begin to fix this problem or to make it right. All I can do is make sure that I do my best to represent the diversity of opinions in this room and I hope that I do it every day.
I’m honored to have you here tonight. Theater that it basically calls for instant gratification. Black Lives Matter reminded me why I was a Red Sox season ticket holder, and why so many people of color live in Boston, why so many people of color live in poverty, why so many people of color live in homelessness, why so many people of color are homeless or in shelters or in jail or in prison. I stopped being a season ticket holder because I couldn’t stand the thought of trading places with my teammates. I couldn’t stand the thought of missing a single day of the season because I couldn’t. And I couldn’t look my kids in the eye and tell them the truth and shake the ignorance that is holding them hostage. I couldn’t do it. And to see them suffer and grow up in this world that doesn’t owe them a thing.’ —Harold Simmons
I have to do the same thing all the time. I wake up every single day and I have to be the best version of myself I can be because the world is failing to give me opportunities to change. And you know, I’m not complaining. The world is failing. Theater: Thank you, Philadelphia. There were so many great performances this year. I was so honored to accept your nomination for an Actor in a Comedy Central series. I’m so excited and proud of this, my first year as an actor, was officially my second attempt at an Acting Academy Award. And I’m very honored to have been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. I’m very honored to have been asked to join this amazing team. It’s an amazing group. And I couldn’t be happier to have them be my friends and to have them believe in me enough to ask me to join them.
I’m off to work on this next one. There was a lot of drama at the Academy Awards. I can’t even believe I’m writing this right now, because everything is connected. The Grammys, the Academy Awards, everything is connected. I have to explain this whole system and why it’s broken. I have to also explain why I feel like it’s broken and I’m going to do all kinds of rants about it. TheaterI think everyone has this. I think every single person of color that I know has experienced this. And I think this is why we have a movement. Because you never know what will happen. And sometimes you see things that you like, and you like to share with people, and sharing these moments with them is very powerful. I will definitely be sharing more of this with my community and beyond.
I won’t tell you not to do it.
I don’t know what it is.
It’s a really complex issue. I think honestly, most of the time when I talk to people, I’m trying to convince them or trying to convince them’s of something or showing them a picture or talking about some issue, I’m not really doing it. Because I can see where they’re coming from, where they’re coming out of this questioning, you know? And it’s never really about. It’s more about what you are than you ever are about a certain issue.