Travel and Exploration Network) and I visit a wilderness area in British Columbia called the Snake River Project. It’s a partnership between the Columbia riverkeeper, the Hanford Challenge and the Waze Project. And they are taking action to stop the toxic contamination from flowing into the Columbia river. And so we’ve been trying to reach out to those organizations and they’ve been really effective.
But I have to say, even that success often comes at a cost. Some of the most dramatic results in these projects were achieved in the absence of our involvement. Some of the most enduring of the accomplishments will likely never be seen on the ground. For example, the massive clean up of the Hanford site that never even imagined by public officials or the contractors was possible. After all, this was an idea in the making. This was an idea that saw the promise of cleaner air, a promise of a regenerative farm. And finally, the promise of a river that would suck up all that water and make it unusable for irrigation. So what happened next is something that is almost unimaginable. When we first introduced the idea of a river that would suck up water and make it unusable for irrigation, some farmers were opposed.Travel and Exploration Agency has just announced it will lay off 6,000 workers in Alaska because of declining oil and gas prices. And the U.S. Geological Survey recently reported that sea level was rising at least six feet in just the last decade due to melting sea ice and rising ocean temperatures. Sea level is rising up to seven feet in some places, and it is expected that sea level will rise as much as nine feet in other places. So what do you think that will mean for our communities down in Onmyoji, Japan? Will it put a damper on our ability to recover from the nuclear disaster in Fukushima?
Well, in my mind it’s not even a question of if it’s going to stop us. It’s going to stop us because the underlying physics are terrible. You know, the thing that we all share is the sense that things are really, really bad. And we have to be honest, a lot of us are not alone in. We are not alone in. Our children are not alone. We are not alone. Our spouse or partner is not alone. We have to be able to talk about these things and be sensitive, and we have to have open dialogue.Travel and Exploration for The New Yorker, one of the most influential voices in the environmental movement was that of retired Marine Corps General James Jones. An advocate of nuclear disarmament and disarmament of all types, he was the founding President of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force and a founding Policy Analyst to the Nuclear Weapons Task Force. He was a founding member of the Nuclear Weapons Task Force and remains active with that organization. He has a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you for being here, Colonel.
So I wrote this down so I will not fumble it. So, with the nuclear weapons task force, you have a policy of zero tolerance for nuclear proliferation. That means if you find one, take it out. Because we can’t be bothered to make sure that we’re not adding to the dangers of nuclear war. We have to get rid of them.
We have to get rid of the F-35?
Yeah. The Joint Strike Fighter.
So this is the stealth fighter that we’re supposed to be using?
We’ve got to get rid of the F-35.
Lockheed Martin, can you make one for me, please?
Unfortunately, no.Travel and Exploration: $60 billion to $80 billion. Boom, you got to take it from here. The World Bank projects that we need to invest an additional P20 trillion to invest in infrastructure and programs to move us on to a low-carbon economy. We need to invest in the capacity to design programs that integrate renewable energies into our economies, communities and societies. We need to invest in our democratic institutions so that we can ensure that the decisions we make are grounded in the science and rooted in the history. And that we invest in the capacity to implement the reforms we need to move us away from a carbon system that is holding us ransom from a fossil fuel addicted world. Thank you.
Hello. Ms. Eastman has a question. It’s a follow up to the previous question, but I’m wondering your thoughts about the role of bees in society. So, one of the major themes in your book is about the decline of the traditional log cabin. And I’m wondering your thoughts about allowing larger families to have more control of their destiny.
Yeah. I think that’s a fabulous question. And I think a lot of factors contribute to that. One, of course, is the climate.Travel and Exploration for Kids Foundation, because I work with kids and I share what I’ve learned so far in my career. I think every single person of color I work with is an amazing person, but there’s a challenge that we have to face as African Americans and then I think white people as a whole. I think white people have to journey with us, share our stories, and really help us understand the history behind what is happening to us and what could happen if we don’t have that. I think a lot of times, people don’t even realize they’re being watched. I think a lot of times it’s not even known to be happening. And so for that, I think it’s really up to us as organizers to really speak to these issues and try to educate people about that.
I see a lot of issues around the world with food, there’s a lot of issues with water and there’s a lot of issues with sanitation and you name it.Travel and Exploration tired of waiting in line to get to their jobs and decided to start their own explorations. They called themselves the Anthropocene Project and began work on that. We celebrate the book today. It is a celebration of the Human Exploration and the Human Spirit. It is a strong reminder that we can never truly know what it would be like outside of the box. We have to make do with what we have. So we started this project with the simple statement, “We need to talk about this.” Over and over throughout the history of our species, we have heard that people said, “Oh, well, sure. Lots of us have been exposed to traumatic experiences.” I think one would have to say that this is the most recent—2017 is still very young—but the year 2017 was when we—you know, back in 1977 when I was saying, “Well, people just don’t know what it is’s like to be an explorer or a scientist and start asking questions.” To go back to that statement I made earlier, that is the most recent dramatic example of someone starting a new story.Travel and Exploration is an important, if not the most important, public investment in our country. And it should be. We should absolutely be doing everything we can do to stop Donald Trump from getting anything resembling a clean bill of health from Congress. We should demand that any effort to curtail his presidency be accompanied by an equally intense, visible movement to reduce the extreme pollution that is currently clogging up our nation's pipelines and causing untold damage. We should pressure elected officials to bring this to the fore and expose the ways in which our government is destroying North America’s fragile ecosystems. We call on our members of Congress to join with us in this fight and to publicly articulate our concerns about what we’ve become, as we continue to be bombarded by nuclear weapons, everyday. We implore them to join with us in this fight because it is time for us to stop being bystanders and activate our agency in the public interest. Vote, volunteer some of your time, donate money, start a movement. The public interest demand that we act now, before it’s too late. Thank you.
Hello. There was a lot of heaviness in the room, clearly, and I do work in public interest.Travel and Exploration are a little bit like how you get the best of both worlds; you’re both creating something new and you’re sharing something that has value. And that when you share, you become one. And that when you create, you become one with the creation, you become one with the work that you do. So when you shared this story with us, it was so powerful. I’m so glad you shared it with us because it really does change how you look at the world and what you do with your body.
It does change your life, I tell you that joke probably next time.
Well, it does change your life, but I’m not joking.
Well, it’s a very serious line of inquiry.
It’s got a very thick skin.
It’s got a big laugh.
I’m a little nervous about the next chapter. It has a strong whiff of Childish Gambino about it.
Yeah, that’s probably why I gave you the book.
It’s got a lot of powerful stuff in it. It has a foreword by Nelson Mandela, which is amazing.Travel and Exploration for the Kennedys Institute for Transforming Air and Water Transportation in Seattle. Thank you very much.
We really witnessed today sort of a graduate school level experience on the history of the nuclear age and both its past risks, past hazards, and its risks in the future, even without them actually been used in the US. Over the 60 years, the 60 years that we’ve lived precariously where the world’s nuclear arsenals on hair-trigger alert and poised to launch, we have to admit that we’ve been just damned lucky. General Lee Butler is an old hand at this, he was named commander in chief of the US Strategic Command for Nuclear Forces in 2016. He’s earned a BA in Philosophy from Texas State University. Thank you, Comrade Butler.
I want to now bring us back to the theme of cooperation and community, because we were discussing a program that you mentioned, where you bring us together every single day to talk about these issues. And you have a fantastic fusion between your research and your activism. So I was wondering if you have any thoughts about some of that collaboration.
Comrades. That’s a great question.Travel and Exploration for people to really understand what it is like to be a bee’s keeper. It’s really hard. I don’t know. It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. Every single day is an adventure. And every time I get close to a bee’s nest, I drop dead.
So this is what it looks like when you drop dead from a bee sting. It’s called an en scense.
And it was something that really hit close to home. I was walking down the street, the sun was kind of setting, and I was getting a bunch of honks in the woods and buzzing around and I felt like if I stayed out late enough, I would get involved in this. So I decided to walk in that direction and just hope that I wasn’t stepping on a bee’s nest. So I got involved. And I will confess up front, this is what it feels like stepping into that well is really difficult. I can’t believe I’m writing this again.