Urban Planning is, by far, the most effective way to help guide our development of infrastructure for long-term sustainability. As one of the founding members of the Spokane Tribe, a reservation against nuclear weapons in Washington state, I was proud to endorse Hillary Clinton for president and join thousands of other people who have joined the movement to support her bid for the presidency. I’ve thought long and hard about this, and finally decided that I need to go public with my fear about what Donald Trump’s presidency could mean for our planet and our humanity. And I need all of us to stand united with our reservations and demand that he reject any efforts to insert a cleanup project in our planet. We don’t need a cleanup in our society; we have a broken society. A society that degrades and kills so many of its own people, including our leaders. A society that prizes the excesses of the rich and powerful while neglecting the needs and rights of the poor and the dispossessed. A society that puts profit, dominance and exploitation above the human values of stewardship, ecology and communalism. Urban Planning School also had a great research brief in place that helped shape what was being researched. That said, I think many people still get it wrong and this is why we’re here today. This is not just about me. This is about you. And I think you have to start to pay attention to who is actually doing the work and who is the pipeline into this work. And that you have to start to pay attention to that right now and every day is a new day that that you have to make a conscious choice of what is it that really matters?
I think for me, it’s really hard right now. I’m an athlete and you’re always talking about the issues, but nobody ever talks about the solutions. I think this book, writing this book, is really hard because nobody ever talked about this. I’ve been talking about this for so long, but nobody ever wanted to hear about it. Urban Planning Commission, which was formed in 2007 in the wake of the nuclear catastrophe in Nagasaki, Japan. The Nuclear Task Force was formally established in 2009. The members are drawn from a national leadership pool that also includes luminaries from across the political spectrum, including Senators Murray and Cantwell, as well as many former Secretaries of State and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The national chair is Senator Cantwell, who has served on the Nuclear Weapons Task Force and on the Nuclear Health Task Force of this Task Force. She has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has initiated several inquiries into the nuclear industry. She was the Mobilizing Coordinator for the New England Climate Action Network, which brought together thousands of people to push for stricter air quality standards and stronger protections for whistleblowers. She co-chaired the New York Physicians for Social Responsibility chapter on nuclear safety and worked with them on several other important issues of racial equity, including the Nuclear Information and Analysis Center, which compiles and publishes a wealth of useful information on nuclear health and safety, and the National Defense Authorization Act for 2020 went to the conference committee. She co-sponsored a Health Security for All Act in the Senate. Urban Planning: What you talk about in this book is something that seems so counter intuitive. And here are a couple of ideas why it’s so counter intuitive. The first idea is some of our investments in urban infrastructure are woefully underfunded. Right? We’re throwing all this money at the problem and not really knowing what we’re doing it for. And so how are we going to fund this? We’re going to have to figure out a funding mechanism that’s sustainable. And this is where things get hairy. This is where we’re most often struck by how much money there is in corruption in the world, in places where there’s no money to pay for repairs or upgrades to the infrastructure, where there’s no tax breaks for infrastructure. So how are we going to finance this? And in many places, it’s money that shouldn’t exist. It’s money that shouldn’t exist in investing in public works, investing in remediations from the air, the water, the food that people need to survive.
And so all of us are presented with this dilemma. And there are good, clear, simple answers. Urban Planning Incorporated, which has at least six times their 2013 baseline and that that is counting both before and after the Affordable Care Act. And so whatever the baseline is, whatever it is, whatever it is, it has to be sustainable because what they’re saying is, if you’re going to have sustainability, you need to have both. You need to have both good nutrition and you need to have both safer and saner buildings. And our board has been very clear that we do not want to have either. We don’t want to have children going into contaminated areas and then not being able to go back to their families or, in some cases, never ever to be able to return to their communities because of what has been contaminated. And we also don’t want to have the added trauma of dealing with the consequences of that child going into an area where we know that that child is going to end up in a different part of the community. And that is not something that we get to discuss every single day. Urban Planning Association. I don’t know if they’re out there. I’ve only got a couple of hours of free time, so maybe they are. Maybe not.
So I have two questions. The first is talking about the water tower. I was taught that it was this year’s most trafficked story was probably because of the new owners, but they were promoting it as the most eco-friendly. And so I was wondering, was that story actually true? And if not, how did that happen?
I mean, the first story I think is actually true. The water tower that we all know and love, the South African water tower, was not the first water tower. I mean, the Twin Otter was, you know, probably the first water tower. The Japanese designed the best one, right? 'cause they had this amazing vapor escape route you can only get on an air shaft. We didn’t have that. Urban Planning and the Environment professor emeritus of civil and environmental engineering, and the founding Chair of the Boston-Kent College Preparatory School Task Force on Climate Change and Health. As a founding member, he was National Vice President for Air Quality and a founding member, along with Bernie Wood and John Christy, of the Spokane Tribe to the National Organization for U-N-Visibility. He has served as a consultant to the Sierra Club, and has advised many other national and international organizations on environmental and climate change issues. He has also been a member of the Spokane Tribe to the Spokane Tribe Partnership and served as national president of the Spokane Tribe for Air, Water and Power. So, a remarkable career. And he has given generously of his time to organizations like Red Cross, this is what he has to say about the value of that time and energy, and the impact of that has been remarkable. I want to acknowledge right away, Red Cross, you have reinvented this role. You used to be a field marshal. You used to be tasked with cleaning the traps. And we were supposed to do this every single year. And every single year we cleaned the traps. Urban Planning®, which is a new book by David Henderson. It’s a brilliant book. I just can’t get it off my chest. I’m so, so glad you’re here, Steve Jobs. It’s great to see you.
Yeah. I was not unhappy to see you there. It’s always lovely to see you.
But this is a special occasion. I have a two-part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical things that you’ve experienced on the job. And I was wondering if you have any dreams in common, if you have any such dreams that you can share with us. Any thoughts on what it’s like to work in public policy, and to be elected to public office?
Oh, you know, it’s—yeah, I’ve been dreaming of this since I was in preschool. I think this is the dream is, as a public service, I want to end homelessness. I want to end police brutality. Urban Planning, something that is easily 10 steps, from community input to real sustainability, is a big piece of it. And part of the solution, I think, is connecting communities to their resources. We’re a big country and we have, as one of the last strongholds of the fossil fuel industry, the air is clean. We have, as one of the last big players in the nuclear age, the resources to last through the climate catastrophe. So I think the last piece is real sustainability. And that means not just an understanding of the resource constraints as the problem itself, but an action plan to reduce the resources that are actually necessary for us to be sustainable. And that means not just an understanding of the resource constraints, but an action plan to reduce the resources that are actually necessary for us to be a truly green industrial society. And that is what I think we’re missing right now. You know, we talk about restoration, but what about doing a Knepp?
We have to do it again?
It’s going to cost you $2. 8 trillion and take us for, I think, another 50 years to completely restore the Westinghouse nuclear reactor at Knepp. Urban Planning is an important field that I think will support this work and develop the research skills for us to be able to implement this work in our communities. I also think it’s important to do this work in the context of—one of the big issues in America is the underfunding of our public schools. And that’s one of the big gaps that we’re going to be trying to close.
So a child who experiences a traumatic loss or a traumatic event, it’s important that we have a safe and nurturing school environment. And that our research systems be designed to ensure that trauma-informed and trauma-sensitive educational environments are designed to better serve our society. And that we provide the resources to enable us to redesign our educational systems to better serve our society.
Thank you. Okay. I think that’s great. And I think the piece that I think will make it particularly challenging for Coleman and her team is some of the funding. We get a lot of money into schools, but most of that money is not going to the classrooms. It’s going to the boards and to the administrators.