War and Military Families. We have a simple message for the Democrats who are set to vote against H. R. 6067 today. Vote no on H. R. 6067. We cannot afford this loss of future generations of soldiers, sailors, and Marines. Vote yes on H. R. 6602. We cannot afford this loss of future generations of sailors, Marines, and Coast Guard officers. Vote yes on H. R. 5799. We cannot afford this loss of future generations of we need to reject the seduction of political posturing and get down to the real issues and start taking power from the shadows and starting to implement change in our community.
I would like to thank the organizers for their persistence in getting this project off the ground and into the community. Without their tireless work and leadership, this book might not have existed. And they continue to exert that leadership through their organizations, their individual voices, and their voices of conscience. Thank you.
I’d also like to ask, did you hear anything about the impact of the protests in your area?
I was not aware of the protests in my area. I was not involved in planning or in any way participating in them. War and Military Freedom. It was a movement that was both tactical and organizational in its design. The Black Lives Matter leadership, including political candidates Bernie Sanders and Laquan McDonald, quickly recognized the need for a dedicated movement organization and enforced the new organizational formation guidelines established by the democratic party. The formal guidelines recommend that, in addition to electoral politics, organizations should adopt a dedicated movement strategy and tactics, develop and support administrative and protest programs, and seek to educate the public on the importance of these issues. The formal guidelines also recommend that organizations implement a robust digital presence and mobilization, including a robustness and urgency that is sorely lacking in many organizations. The formal guidelines recommend that, in addition to electoral politics, organizations should adopt a dedicated movement strategy and tactics, develop and support administrative and protest programs, and seek to educate the public on the importance of these issues. Finally, the group recommended that electoral politics be a component of a viable social movement with substantive social change. The United we know and love can never be achieved alone. Allies can be built but they cannot be built alone. A movement built around electoral politics cannot be dismantled on its own. The work of electoral politics, as arduous as it is, cannot be undone on its own. War and Military Families. I believe that we, as participants in this, have a unique opportunity to make a difference and to make a difference in this world. And I believe that we have a lot of players who are willing to step up and do the work so that we can collectively see real change happen.
Thank you. Alright. Let’s call our third panel up here. We have, and thank you again to our two of you and to David Anitok. Our next panel is John Repp and Dave Hall and Jeanelle Sales. So I will introduce them as they’re walking up. John Repp grew up in a small town in Indiana. He came to Seattle in 1969 to go to the University of Washington and was active in the movement against the American war in Vietnam. And after that he learned the machinist trade and worked at Boeing for 20 years and remains active with the West Seattle Neighbors for Peace and Justice. Next to him is Jeanelle Sales, who is a senior at the University of Washington pursuing her BA in Political Science and International Security while minoring in Law, Societies and Justice. I also saw her doing her Urdu homework today. War and Military Families.
Washington, DC is home to the US Strategic Command for Nuclear Forces and Missile Command and Pier 1 was the launching pad for the nuclear subsonic guided missile destroyers Newmont and Hill Air National Guard Base Unit 3. These are the two largest base in the US and the national parks are adjacent to the base. The nuclear weapons base at Potsdam, which also houses the Strategic Air Command and Missile Defense Agency, was the launching pad for the development of the Air Force Interceptor Ground System. This was the precursor to today’s system that is used to intercept incoming short and intermediate range ballistic missiles.
It was the same concept that was tested and deployed in World War II against Japan. The US Strategic Air Forces matched the Japanese in size and strength to win the support of the nuclear nations of the Pacific Islands. The Marshall Islands joined the US in December 1946 and by the time of President Truman’s visit to the Islands in 1959, they were America’s Pacific island protector. They remain an independent state and this past April they elected a new president, Bismarck Foer. War and Military Families are currently working around the clock to support this movement and to ensure that our leaders do everything we can do to ensure that survivors get the services they need and deserve, that we provide the support they need and deserve. For me, that means having the courage to stand up for the human rights of those individuals who have been silenced because of their race, religion, disability, or for any other reason. I will never, ever support any action that silences those who are being silenced. I will never, ever call for an end to the work of the Center for Youth Wellness because that work is integral to ensuring that we continue to move this movement in the right direction, and ensuring that we remain a force for change. Thank you.
Alright. So the three of you are the Mobilizing Coordinator, the Youth Steering and Engagement Coordinator, together with a group of like-minded organizations. And we’ve been involved in a lot of organizing over the years. And in that role, I’ve worked on a Mobilizing Day for Senator Murray and she has been amazingly effective. So this is what she’s hoping will happen with the Senate leadership on health care. War and Military Industrial Complex. Thank you for being here.
To conclude, I have a two-part question. The first part, I was wondering, you’ve talked a lot about some of the physical trauma we occasionally inflict on the body. And I was wondering if there’s been any study into the potential therapeutic uses of beeswax. And you’re saying right now, so far, there’s no evidence that beeswax actually does anything—that it’s a pain reliever or something that’s helpful for treating muscle aches and pains. But maybe one day we can have more open and transparent communication about that.
Yeah. I was wondering, you know, I was inspired to write this because I work in this area and I get to go to these meetings every single week. I’m not supposed to talk about this stuff, but every single meeting I’m supposed to tell people that I’m not supposed to talk about this stuff, but I’m compelled to because I’m literally the only person who is privy to this information.
So this is the first part of your question. War and Military Industrial Complex, which is only tenured. Tenured to last through the 2030s. That’s projection time. So we’re at the point where we’re trying to make a change in public opinion that’s happening in the military establishment. We have to have public opinion, not just on this issue, but on every other major issue. And this is where our members of Congress show up. We expect them to stay involved. We’ve got to have a voice. We’ve got to have our members of Congress listen to us. And our leaders in the Senate and Adam Smith and all of this—I mean, these statements made by Senator Murray and others—it’s time for us to stop complaining and start taking action. This is the key to changing public opinion, developing the capacity of our members of Congress to be effective activists, and creating the capacity for change we need.
I can’t come up with a better example of when we need to be organizing around the issues, when we need to be marching towards, than right now. War and Military Reform.
Alright. Thank you to our first panel. Yay. I noticed one of those questions came from one of my students. Yay. So glad you’re here. Alright. Thank you, panel. Let’s have the next panel come up. This will be Phoenix Johnson. Phoenix is a Seattle born and first people indigenous person to the Pacific Northwest of the Tlingit and Haida Nation. Phoenix is an Air Combat Air Force veteran and has managed a suicide prevention program for the Army National Guard. Phoenix attended Portland State University for pre-med Public Health and Psychology. And they serve as President of the Seattle Veterans for Peace, a really important long-standing organization. And they also serve as King County’ssVeterans and Armed Services Chair. So two big jobs. They work as a consultant on issues of racial equity, militarism and indigenous relations. Thank you for being here.
Dr. Tsukasa Namekata is a retired Research Scientist and Director of the Pacific Rim Disease Prevention Center. War and Military. Thank you.
I have one more question. I think it’s annette.
I’m sorry. Your turn now, please.
I was wondering if you have any thoughts on the appropriateness of using the N-word in an interview or on the team. If so, what is your hesitation?
You know, I think it’s a very reasonable and understandable hesitation. I mean, part of what makes us human is our willingness to be misunderstood for long periods of time. And so I wouldn’t use the N-word against any team, especially not the Green Bay Packers. We all have different styles of play. Some people play hard, some people play smart, and some people play it smart but not everyone does. And I think maybe a better question would be, what is your hesitation about using the N-word in an interview? I mean, you’ve faced plenty of obstacles along the way. This is unexpected territory for you.
Uh, okay. Well, I was going to say this is the first time I faced this question, but I think I remember kind of deferring to the people who had been through this really difficult experience first. War and Military Police Chief among them.
So for those of us in the room will forever carry the memory of that trip to the memorial of John Carlos as the defining moment in African American History. John Carlos did not just walk away from that challenge, he doubled down. He went on to win the 1972 Olympic gold medal in synchronized swimming. And he also initiated a host of reforms that went well beyond the mere re-authorization of the anti- apartheid movement. Among them, he introduced scrutineering as an official time and a space of activity in the Olympic movement. He cofounded the San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit and he cofounded several other transit organizations and movements around the country. He cofounded the American Postal Workers Union and he worked with them to form the Plumbers Pipe Band. So if you think that these are just some of his biggest and most significant contributions, then you’re right. John Carlos was not just re-authorizing the use of violence as a tactic of protest; he was also one of the leaders in the movement.