World Politics, which has a long history of being a haven for white supremacists and white nationalists, including organizing materials that were meant for use in last year's Virginia protests. The ADL has a long history of being a front for white supremacists and white nationalists. And last year, the ADL produced a film called White Girl Dangerous. In it, a narrator asks, ‘What if your girl didn’t have to worry about getting punched in the face or getting slashed in the shoulder? What if your girl was just safer with you?’ White Girl Dangerous was met with mixed reviews, not least because one critic called it ‘culturally insensitive’, referencing the fact that the film depicts a black woman repeatedly hitting on and threatening a white man. The narrator then asks the girl, if she wants to kiss him, then she needs to watch this. Otherwise, she will find out what it’s like to be a Muslim.’ And to which she says, ‘I can’t do it. I can’t get through this whole thing.’ I can’t believe I have to say this again.World Politics/Social Movements/Black Lives Matter/Occupy Wall Street/, yes. All these different things that are happening at this moment. And I think if you look at the World Bank, you see one of the lower rates of return out of any organization I’ve ever worked for. I’m not joking. That’s real. You have to feel pain to really do something. And I really admire the fact that you have the guts and strength to really do something about the plutocracy that is strangling most everyone else in this country. I think that’s what real freedom looks like.
Freedom now, freedom in the world we share.
Thank you.
Hello. There was a lot of heaviness in the room, clearly, and I apologize if this is a ruckus. But I was hoping—God, I was hoping for a ruckus, you know? We’re in the middle of a racist white supremacist nightmare. I couldn’t get the white supremacists to stop trying to organize a rally, they kept coming up. And so I have to interject myself sometimes to make sure the white supremacists don’t have any space.World Politics Institute at the University of Denver. He’s an organizer with the Windjammer Project, which builds and maintains a standing protest against the Trident nuclear weapon system, which is just 20 miles from here on the Hood Canal. Alright, good morning everyone. I was pleased to hear that Representative Vance indicated that if we had a similar message at these protests, we might not have needed to bring our kids. They are our lifeline. Alright. Thank you. That was a wonderful response. Looking at these protests, I had to chuckle when I first heard it, but I couldn’t believe it was real. I mean, we’re used to seeing protest images and slogans now, and even those that are supposed to be inspirational, you know, “Shame on you, shame on us.” are enough to drive a wedge between you and any protester. And I think a lot of folks are used to that. I mean, in Berkeley, we used to see these young, impressionable folks, and even then, in that image, some of them were already hardened protesters. I mean, this was before the Trumpocalypse. Before Trump.World Politics/Billionaireaireaire and Civil Rights Activist George Soros, who has made significant investments in pro-democracy activism over the years, as well as in supporting Black Lives Matter in the United States. Soros has also committed to supporting the Green Party, which is committed to a Green New Deal and to restoring legal protections for whistleblowers. Finally, he and his wife are listed as honorary co-chairs of the Steering Committee for the Anti-nuclear movement. So, you have a very good sense of what some of this looks like when you look at it from the outside. You see real people, real families, stuck in this. This is the reality that we have to live in. And whatever your feelings about the nuclear weapons themselves, there’s nothing that’s stopping them from being an important part of the political landscape.
Thank you. Alright. Thank you to this panel. There is a second question about coalitions. You have some of the strongest coalitions in history. This is a question about the nature of those coalitions, because many people don’t know what they are or how they work. And a lot of times, it’s tied to what is happening on the ground.World Politics is an exciting time. I feel like we have entered a new epoch. I feel like the world is a much more dangerous place because of some of these incidents that we’re hearing about. I think it’s time for us to step up our organizing to make a difference. I think a lot of people in this room even, before today, probably didn’t realize that they were contributing to the proliferation of nuclear weapons. So I want to encourage them to consider the impact of their words and actions. I think a lot of people in this room don’t have a basic understanding of the history of nuclear weapons that has prepared them to deal with it. I think a lot of people in this room don’t have a basic understanding of the threat that nuclear weapons poses. I think a lot of people in this room don’t have a basic understanding of the history of our planet that prepares us for something like this. A basic understanding of nuclear weapons includes the following four things: A basic understanding of the history of our planet, A basic understanding of nuclear weapons, A basic understanding of how the weapons were built, and How we got here.World Politics/ themes of racism and white supremacy; the Bill of Rights, the First Amendment, the doctrine of original sin, the value of individualism, and other such issues; it becomes really easy to demonize anyone who dares to voice an opinion, dare to speak truth to power. It is easy to assume that everybody must be a closet Trump supporter. That’s a narrative that rural America is static, white America is static, black America is static. It’s a way of life that we all share. It’s a way of breathing that we all need to be able to do that we all have to live in. And so I think a lot of times people get angry emails or tweets, you know, that say, ‘You can’t really say that because I live in that kind of a society’s hypocrisy’. You live in where misogyny, homophobia, you have to say that because I live in that kind of a society’s hypocrisy, you have to live in a world that doesn’t serve you, you live in a world that doesn’t reflect who you are, what you’re supposed to be doing.World Politics/Haiti: All Lives Matter movement, the Women’s March, the recent Women’s March across the nation, the groundswell that has grown up since Donald Trump was inaugurated, from the student activists who raced to get him elected to the hired guns who gave us the 2016 election result. The fact that this government, this Congress, has made it so that when it suits the interests of one of the world’s most repressive regimes to deny the rest of us our basic human rights, it will find a way to do so.
I would like to see a table with the numbers behind the statement, “All Lives Matter”. What does it mean? What is it going to mean? For every one of us, there’s a range of emotions about the issue of racial equality and human rights. For me, as a Black woman, it means something that we are fighting for the human race, but we have to also be organizing to change the world. I think every person of color has to make a stand. I think every single person of color is a hero because they are the heart and soul of the movement.World Politics, and I think the Methodology Key to Understanding Black Lives Matter is important. And I think some of the research that we’re doing right now, the kind of research you mentioned, is called counter-narrative research. And I think it’s actually beginning to do some of this research justice. So, counter-narrative research, what do you think it’s doing? I’m thinking it’s doing something kind of like this.
It’s a funny sort of alliance research question. Um, well, it’s a funny sort of alliance, isn’t it? Most of the research I do, like the majority of the work I do, is conducted experimentally. So, it’s correlational. We know that tomatoes, blueberries, these are all good sources of vitamin C. So we’re interested in whether or not we can learn to recognize ourselves, our children, and the sources of our nutrition from eating the food that we’re meant to eat. And you know, that isn’t surprising actually, because this is the assumption that we all have this one diet.World Politics/Foundation for Social Responsibility. She has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established environmental sampling programs at Hanford and other nuclear sites around the country. She has represented whistleblowers and authored numerous reports on the effects of nuclear production and workforce health and safety, and has established environmental sampling programs at Hanford and other nuclear sites around the country. Samples taken from oil and water tanks have been analyzed and shown to contain high levels of contaminants including, but not limited to, chromium, lead, and uranium. Oil and water tanks have been analyzed and shown to contain high levels of contaminants including, but not limited to, chromium, lead, and uranium. Tanks of different composition have been tested and shown to contain varying degrees of contamination. Chromium was the most common type of contamination observed in children’s milk. Chromium was the most common type of contamination observed in children’s milk. Lead was also the most common long-term health effects from working at nuclear sites.World Politics; I think some of the work that we have to do is really large and complex. I’m talking about developing policy, creating the infrastructure, connecting with a broad coalition. And there are often significant policy obstacles, but that doesn’t mean that the work can’t be done. In fact, part of the political work can be done with the resources that we have. And part of the political work is connecting with people on those issues, and mobilizing them behind a policy idea. So I have to say, maybe for some of us, maybe all of us, it’s going to have to wait and see.
Okay. Before I go into that, I have to just come out loud for the other speakers, because this is going to sound really weird coming out here. Some of you are going to be in the back, and we’re going to talk about you. And I want to have a discussion open to the media, so we can all get a full picture of what’s happening and what our expectations are. And I will try to outline what I expect to happen, because that’s easy. Contracting out of public lands.