World History that we are witnessing today is the culmination of more than two centuries of organizing and movement building that has been conducted under the leadership of a handful of prominent people. In some ways, this is the most powerful demonstration of all time. And to witness it again today will only add to the significance of what has happened since 1700 to history. I’m going to read you a passage about how we arrived at this moment?
a bell curve of success. Out of this book, one of the biggest revelations is that it has been written in such a way that it allows you to sort of slip your mind at times and you’re constantly shifting the focus from the book to the next task. And I think that’s what I was trying to do with this book. I was constantly shifting the focus of my attention from the book to the next task. And so there was this tendency, I think, of, of, you know, laziness or something like that, because I found myself doing the same thing over and over and over again. And I had to do a mental tally, and that meant I was constantly making choices that made me want to sit at the head of the class and lead the discussion. World History of the Week’s Picks?
Th at’s not just any old picks. I have a sneaking suspicion that’s not just some activists, but that’s actually some of the key organizers of the Women’s March here. So we have here, in all of their gloriousness, is actually a group of organizers from the Red Cross, representing those who are affected by nuclear weapons in the Marshall Islands. And here we have our first Native American organizer. This is the Organizing Coordinator. She is Jamilah B. In fact, she is a member of the Spokane Tribe. And we’ve had a longstanding tradition of collaboration and cooperation between the tribes and the federal government on tribal issues. So this is actually an important step for us because it’s in the Constitution, it’s in the treaty, it’s in the laws of the United States. World History will never be redone the same way again, but we can do it. I am so happy to have built this entire Movement. I’m so grateful for you coming all the way across the country to be here tonight. I’m honored to have you here.
I was not surprised to learn that your organization is deep in the movement ecology and you were one of the earliest to join the organizing team. What was surprising was how quickly you joined us?
I joined the team in mid- February, just as the movement was starting to gain steam. I was happy to see that we were just getting started and I’m thrilled to be a part of it. And I think it’s a testament to the fact that you, along with your colleagues, are the true leaders of this movement and we need you now more than ever.
We are immensely grateful for you joining us. How has this participation in the Movement Ecology Weekend been?
I feel like a true leader of the movement is when you join us, but it’s not officially a leadership position. World History?
Sure. As you’re leading this expedition, you have to have somebody on your team who is strong in every aspect of the expedition. And I’m happy to see that you have Brandon? Yeah, I’m glad you’re here. And I think people, again, and especially when you’re bringing them the story of your journey and the struggles that you’re facing in the book, there’s somebody that is really strong and can take it from here. I think the reason why I wrote the book is because a lot of players, they have no voice. They have no say. I think Brandon was strong in that, and I think a lot of players are weak in that they have no voice. You know, we were talking about that moment when you guys left the huddle and everybody was just silent. And I think that was the point. World History. If you’re the historian, you’re saying that in the year 703, there was a time capsule that was put on exhibit at the Seattle World History Museum that is still there today. And the capsule, the first thing that hit me was, like, oh, it’s just a time capsule. It’s not from this moment. I’m not from this moment. And I couldn’t believe it was actually from here. And I was like, “Oh my God.” And I was like, “Oh no, it’s actually here.” The capsule, the first thing that came out of my mouth, was, like, “Well, it’s got to be from here.” And so I went to the Smithsonian and I got ahold of them’s curator, Maureen Ohlhausen, and we got on really good terms. And we became good friends. And we would talk and we would laugh and we would talk about the history behind this. World History, I didn’t even want to ask this question. Because I was like, I don’t know if I care about that stuff, but you know best. And I just wanted to be able to be vulnerable and be able to let go. You know what I’m saying? So for me, that was a very courageous thing. And I think a lot of folks have to do that. I think a lot of us are ambivalent about it. I think a lot of us have to do it for ourselves or we’re not going to be able to function in our day without acknowledging and trying to do something that’s not great with ourselves. I don’t know what it’s going to take. I’m not asking anyone for permission. You don’t have to give me permission. I will get the hell off your computer. You don’t have to give me permission to do this. I will find a way to unplug you from the things that are keeping you up at night. I will find a way to unmask you. I will expose you. I will expose all of this. World History. From the moment water was discovered in 1809, mankind has been chasing after that river to satisfy their hunger. That hunger eventually led to the industrial revolution, which transformed us from simple tool users into complex industrial users. The rise of the mass production, the development of the mechanical engineer, the industrial revolution changed everything about our society. And with it, we lost touch with the wild places that once gave us such bounty from the world that we know today. Today, we only ever see it as a speculative place where ideas worth pursuing, like the one Elon Musk mentioned, are still very much alive and well. I think it is time for us to stop being alarmed at the threat of nuclear weapons and for us to be realistic about where we find ourselves. Because as we’re wont to do, we surrendered a little of ourselves to the nuclear age. We let go of a little of our wild selves in favor of a more locked-in, mechanized kind of humanity. That we have a kind of workforce that is constantly being replaced. We have programmed, bred, and canned ourselves to extinction. World History and I mean, that’s an incredible—you know, it’s an incredible—amount of work put into that, and they also produce a delightful DVD called A to Z of the Civil War.
And I was wondering—you’re getting a little carried away here—but you’re telling us that these are just the numbers, there are nuances to the story, and there are nuances to the humanity of these people. Could you talk a little bit about how you arrive at these numbers and why you present them that way?
I present these statistics in a very straightforward way. I present them in the sense that we’re having the same conversation with the same statistics. So, if you’re having the conversation, you present them a statistic. If you’re having the baby, you present them a statistic. If you’re pregnant, you present them a statistic. If you’re breastfeeding, you present them a statistic. And if you’re thinking about starting a business, you present them a statistic. You present them a handbook of statistics, and you present them a table of data. World History.
I couldn’t come up with five, but there will be six.
This will be the last time I’m going to see you all in a moment. I want to dedicate this book to my friend, who passed away this week at age 85. She was an activist, I think, for the Improved Food policy Initiative. And she was one of the striking people that we worked with at CPI.
I’ve to remind you that this is the same woman who had this to say about the Vietnam draft during the Cold War protests, “I didn’t want to go, but I couldn’t get off the job. I couldn’t get my pension. I couldn’t – you know, it was too much to do.” And she had a Masters in Food Science and Nutrition from the University of Washington.
And so wonderful to see her here today. She is a founding member along with her husband, Dave Hall, and Dave’s amazing son, Austin, who is now an activist and a featured speaker at CPAC, the Conservative Political Action Conference. They were joined today by a lovely dog, Alyssa. World History.
So we have to do this proper history, but— Let’s say it starts out like this, you’re like, “Well, it’s got to have a kernel of truth in there.” And then it gets deeper and deeper in there, and finally, you give up?
Well, you’re not going to give up?
I don’t know if I can trust a straight answer. But I said, no, I’m going to tell you what the climate is all about, and this is what the climate is all about. And you said, “Well, it’s got to have some truth in there.” Well, that’s a little bit of a reach, you know? We know that a lot of people don’t subscribe to that kind of simplistic narrative. So it’s got to have a little bit of truth in there. You know, a lot of people get very bogged down in that kind of thing.