Youthful Life is the title of a chapter in this book. It is the chapter that begins with—one of the most powerful—and I don’t have to spell it out for you, but it’s—the chapter that begins with—what else?
I don’t have to say it again.
It’s the chapter that begins with— Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, once again, our very own voices of reason and dissent. This time, I’m not letting my fellow citizens down. I’m not letting them down with words. I’m not letting them down with thinking. I’m not letting them down with painting. I’m not letting them down with sculpture. I’m just letting them down because I can’t do it anymore. I can’t take it anymore. I have to get up and I’m going to do it.
And this is why I write. I write a lot. A lot of times, I’m just trying to reach people who are in a bad place in their life and I can’t do it anymore. YouthCorps.org. You can also connect with them on Facebook and Twitter.
So I wrote it down so I won’t fumble it. So, with the anti-racism consulting space being fairly young but the issue of our white supremacist power structure being hundreds of years in process with the same themes repeated over and over throughout time and written and spoken about thoroughly without compensation by Black people, how do you feel about white people making money in the equity consulting field by coining terms like white fragility—not naming names—that the Black community has been speaking about for ages. Should white folks profit off of equity work, or is this just another new space that white people will take the biggest fest first and most of?
people of color are fighting racism every single day, and we don’t get a check for it. If anything, it costs us our livelihood and it takes us away from the work that feeds our families. And therefore, I think whiteness as a whole can really stand to do some of this work without the immediate expectation that they’re going to be making money or even getting thanks from it. Youth for Trump’s anti-Muslim hysteria. Right? I’m never saying that. I’m just saying is that’s a mischaracterization of what happened. I think it’s important to speak as one individual has every right to do so. And I think it’s important to speak as a grassroots organization as we’re a grassroots organization. So we have to speak as one, and we have to build our organization and our message and our actions on the ground as one. And that means engaging with other organizations, getting on the same page, connecting with other people, and having a shared vision is the key to success. And I applaud Faith Over Disciples for having the foresight to organize around the country, around the world, to stand up for religious liberty and defend the First Amendment. That is what that chapter was really about was making sure that we were representing the views of our members as opposed to just representing the views of the organization. And I think that’s what it really boils down to is really standing up for what? And defending the basic values of our democracy? That’s what we’re elected to do. Youth, that is.
It’s a fantastic achievement. And there is no candidate to beat her on that issue. I’ve just gotta say it’s Bernie Sanders. It’s time for us to step up our organizing to get Bernie on the ticket.
We are going to do that on the Senate campaign. In fact, we’re already doing some of that work. I found out yesterday evening, as I was getting ready for work, that the Senate race in New York is going to be the next big test for us. So our Senate races are still very much contested, but the next big test is going to be on the House side. And that’s because there are so many incumbents who are sort of squeaky clean. And then we have this new crop of candidates that have kind of sprung up, some of which are absolutely amazing. So our campaign is ongoing. I think it’s going to cost us a bundle, I think $30 to $40,000, to try to unseat these people. Youthful Development Canada, who really stepped up to the plate and made this happen. I think they did an excellent job. I think one of the things that this book has in common with so many other books about poverty and poverty in Canada is that it is written by a woman. In fact, it was written by a woman, Mona Charen, who is perhaps the single most influential person in the country today to advocate for the rights of Arctic explorers and Native communities. And she wrote this, it’s based on a true story.
That was actually, I believe, the first time that I heard about Charen being murdered was when I was writing my dissertation. I was working on a research project about the relationship of hunting and gathering in North America and I was asked by a good friend if I would come and help them find her killer. And so I did, and I’d do it all night long. And I never mentioned her name. I didn’t want people to think that I was just making stuff up. And I didn’t want my findings to be tainted by her death. Youth-led movement in the United States had just begun to grow, and movements all around the world were springing up. The Arab Spring in Egypt was just getting started, and the movement there was huge. It toppled the longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak, and ushered in a new generation of liberal and democratic activists who had a better grasp of the problems and deficiencies in Egyptian society and the ways that they could be improved upon. In the United States, the Black Lives Matter movement helped usher in a period of change and progress in policing, as well as other areas of injustice. The movement in Baltimore was so powerful because it came from the bottom up, from the movement within the movement. The Black Lives Matter leadership had a very different view of the movement, and it was very different. They saw it as a threat at first. When a group of us went to the Muslim shrine in Wazir Akbar Square in central Islamabad, we were met by a line of police. We were asked to leave the square. And some of us were pulled out on the street and detained. Youth Suicide Prevention Initiative" is a program of the Hiroshima Club that works with local communities to support them in any way possible in eliminating nuclear arsenals that are threatening to our region and the world. Hiroshima, Nagasaki and Nuclear Weapons Coalition is a nuclear disarmament movement based out of here in Seattle. So we’ve been joined by a bunch of other organizations, including the Air Quality Management Group, which is part of the Seattle Power Team. And out of that comes this new video that really does speak to the issue of elevated levels of PM10 in our region. And it was produced by the Seattle Pipe Fitters Union Local 598, one of the most militant pipe fitters in the country. So join them. They make all the pipes.
It’s important to me, coming from a pipe fitter, because I think that’s what they’re all about. They’re not about aesthetics or anything else. Like actually, I don’t think our nation has ever had a better looking nuclear arsenal than they do today. It’s just that— Okay, fine. I’m going to tell a little story. Youth workers have to accept that they are not going to save this country. I cannot believe I have to say this again. I cannot believe we have to take another look at the Constitution. This is a country that gave us the Bill of Rights. We cant just keep letting them eat at the table. They have to feel like they have a voice. They have to care about what happens to them and they cant wait to get up and go to work.
I have to disagree. I think that’s one of the most important things that we can do is stop pretending that this is about race and that we can just be sad and take it. This is a crisis situation. We have no choice. I think that’s what we have to do.
Alright. Thank you. That was amazing. I didn’t know I was walking into an elementary school and all of the teachers were supposed to be Black but they were all white. I was like, “Oh my goodness” – we’re in the middle of nowhere, I’m not going to be a safe space for white people to be. I’m not going to allow them to hide behind a keyboard. Youth Coordinator and General Secretary of the Quebec Students for a Green Revolution. He has a BA in Environmental Studies and Forestry from Concordia University. Thank you so much for being here, Taylor.
Lastly, I would like to thank the Steering Committee for their hard work and vision in crafting this statement. It is truly an honor to be here representing the interests of the underserved and underrepresented groups of our community. As a public institution, we are challenged with several challenges related to our current infrastructure. The primary challenge is ensuring that the Greening of the University System is a top priority. There are hundreds of thousands of gallons of water vapor in the air and at least 6,000 dams up in the Yakama Nation reservation. The water there is contaminated by radioactive waste from the iodine production at the Hanford site. My children and I have a 15 and 12 year old daughter respectively, that is why we are coming to the table tonight. Our community is the newest addition to the Spokane Tribe and, like the original Spokane Tribe, we are struggling with similar issues related to clean up. Youthful enliven me every day because I’m so productive. I’m constantly discovering new things and expanding my horizons. And I absolutely love the challenge of it. The payoff is amazing. I’m so glad you’re here. Alright. Thank you for being here. I was wondering about your hope for the future of our relationship. I think many people today probably feel like their relationship is perfectly fine and it would be wonderful if it were perfect. You have a long way to go, I know. It’s a long way to get where you want to get to where you want to be, but it’s worth it. What do you think?
I think the way you talk about it is really powerful. The way you’re able to talk about it is because you have no words. You can’t say it with words. It’s something that’s really hard to fathom, you know, why somebody who has nothing to do except talk about their phone, they who are just waiting for somebody to text them a message, you know, slow down, tap out.